that's it Wow a to count from Youngjae
me
Gregory how are you fella
Joe Rogan's always a pleasure to be back
in but I love is that you kept this
studio the same as the old one because
the vibe was perfect I tried to recreate
it yeah as long as we had the desk we
have the heart yeah we have the heart of
the studio the rest of it is just stuff
and Jamie the heart Jamie yeah there's
some about I really think that when you
use a desk for a long time there's
something about desks like if you found
out like a hunter at Thompson's desks
was for sale yeah you'd be like holy
shit I want to get my hands on that yeah
like that's got some ooze right you know
he'd rode on this holy shit yeah nice
old one of those old like railway
station roll topdesk's all those the
best yeah I got to protect my shit while
I'm out
so nobody reads my church one of my
all-time favorite photos of him was him
typing in Big Sur like sitting on like
this this outside table typing I think
he's on the edge of a cliff or something
like that in the background you see the
water yeah you know that photo Jamie
yeah that's it right there
yeah look at that and with the pipe yeah
that is one of the most iconic writing
photos of all time Hunter s Thompson
with hair yeah with a typewriter in
front of the water at Big Sur in
probably like 1960 something and you
know his schedule you read his schedule
his daily schedule not only did I read
it he lived I read it on air and I might
have read it on air with you yeah I
think he did a self-portrait hello so he
took the picture himself oh so this is
what it's listed as this is him big sir
that was when he was in the early stages
of his
chené that was like right around when he
was writing Hells Angels probably yeah
61 yeah that motherfucker was unique
yeah did you ever see his documentary
now there's a couple of really good ones
but um the the one that was the
mainstream one what was that so yeah
gonzo
yeah it was called gonzo and then there
was uh there was another one that was
made by BBC that's really good too but
yeah if you get hold us fucking
Hemingway's desk Wow yeah anyway maybe
like it's worth too much like you
wouldn't want to write on it yeah that's
true
you know it's Hemingway's desk yeah
whose hunters desk I'd totally write on
it
well first you scrape the excess coke
off the table just lick it look at our
wipe the jism from the underside of the
table get the bad sauce off the sides
yeah
what about its typewriter how much you
think it's typewriter yeah
Hemingway's house and hangouts preserved
in Havana Wow so they preserved where he
lived and I wonder if that's where he
killed himself I think he was in Cuba
when he killed himself Wow yeah man his
um his style of writing and like that
whole bravado that went with him he was
a different cat it was like a you
thought of him as like an aggressive
male writer like that's an odd thing
like Hemingway right you know he was
aggressive yeah it wasn't I mean even
Stephen King for all his most horrific
depictions of violence and gore and and
terror in his books he's not thought of
as like this imposing physical thing
well Hemingway was in the war yeah you
know yeah he had elderly age he was uh
he used to go skiing in the winter in I
think it was Switzerland and they would
all there was no chair less back then so
you would fucking gray
your 50-pound skis and walk up the side
of the Alps
Jesus cry like a half a day to take one
fucking around and he would do that
every day that must be amazing for you
yeah god damn the kind of exercise like
carrying skis uphill in the snow yeah
that's an incredible exercise like I bet
they were jacked I bet those skiers from
the olden days yeah there had to be like
crazy athletes yeah and the skis were
long back down
they were like twice as long as they are
now when did anybody figure out a ski
lift I don't know but I mean Hemingway
would have been skiing in what the 1930s
1827 goddamn dude yeah the walk uphill
and ski down you got to be dedicated how
good are you ever gonna get I mean
normally you do in a day maybe you do a
dozen runs going up a couple miles and
this one you do one run that's it yeah
you got to be dedicated try getting a
like a lazy person to do that lazy
people will ski you know I mean because
you just kind of get into it and you can
glide you died you died yeah you don't
have to like get crazy you're right you
can just ski like I'm not good
so I ski like a lazy person yeah I just
like don't fall don't fall don't fall
don't fall
that's literally me skiing because I've
had knee surgery at three months is
crazy
it's crazy how quickly you can fuck up
your body skiing I am so I've skied my
whole life I've never had an injury and
I ski hard I hit every fucking jump I
can find you might be the only one that
I know that like my friend Matt he broke
his ankle or he broke his ankle and
happened in the course of like just a
year yeah two friends at school parents
at school blew out their ACLs Wow yeah I
don't want to do that when you're 43 you
don't right that's the thing as you get
to a certain age you the risk reward
because injuries take so much longer to
heal yeah and you have so much less time
to live you just the math doesn't work
anymore you know to ski
you've got to protect your knees if you
can yeah your knees are so goddamn
important whenever people have like hurt
knees and they keep working out I always
cringe yeah like yeah I'm not gonna get
it fixed I'm just gonna rehab it what do
you we were you talking about rehabbing
you know rehabbing you just gonna ignore
the fact you don't have an ACL
yeah like rehabbing yeah who's he gonna
fix it's not gonna be you don't have the
stability in your knee so there's a lot
of guys who blow it out and they keep
exercising they just chew the inside of
their knee apart yeah yeah I got
something going on in my the inside of
my left knee for two fucking months if I
try to squat down it kills there's like
a tendon on the inside of the knee and
so I'm gonna start some physical therapy
this week to try to figure it out
because I can't I haven't exercised in
fucking two months just because of this
one thing what am I gonna do no I do
more cardio I don't really lift that
much have you um ever thought about
getting like PRP or regeni keen or
anything into it oh now what's that well
PRP is platelet-rich plasma and what
they do is they take your blood and
there's some sort of a process they do
and they separate it and then they take
this platelet-rich plasma and they
inject it into the wounded area and
accelerates healing yeah a lot of people
have really good results with that yeah
and then there's this stuff called
Regina Keene
that's like platelet-rich plasma but
it's apparently the next step up and
what they do is they heat your blood and
by heating it it produces something I'm
for sure if you're a doctor I'm so sorry
they don't butcher in this if you're a
scientist but I think it produces some
sort of anti-inflammatory serum because
your blood is reacting to the heat right
here's the explains I've had this done
and it was really effective really yeah
see removed from the lair and cultured
with glass beads so that a white blood
white blood cells produce IRAP which is
a natural anti-inflammatory glass beads
going into your knee I don't understand
what that saying it says serum is
removed from this layer and cultured
with glass beads so it's removed after
the platelet-rich plasma so they make
you rich plasma they get to zero and
then they
and then they culture it so that the
white blood cells produced this natural
anti-inflammatory tricked the white
blood cells I guess maybe for lack of a
better word anyway so this shit it's
really good for accelerating your
recovery process for an injury like a
lot of people like to do it like while
the if they get surgery they get surgery
then they have some of this done to it
accelerates the healing right especially
as you get older just provides you with
any it's actually natural to you'd have
to worry about it but it provides you
with this just an extra boost of healing
yeah for weird neck injuries and back
injuries people like it for its right
really good for lower back injuries I'll
have it is inflammation you know and so
then they do they is it local they shoot
the blood into the area yeah Sarah yeah
it's freaky they put this little needle
in you and then they screw the blood cap
in there it's a it's like now it's
yellow it's like this yellow serum they
squirted it into your back damn it's
weird yeah that's weird I think they
would do my cock for you but I want your
blood in my cock dude I don't know if
that's legal you can sell all kinds of
things right but you can't sell somebody
your own blood is that right I don't
think so
do you think you could sell your own
blood I mean if you don't like a blood
bank
right sure there's a website you could
probably do yeah if you think so
Oh like a dark web yeah like you know
and that whole myth about selling
peoples yeah sure William Shatner would
be doing it if he could
no no think you could just like if
someone was selling blood like some you
know there's a lot of those young
enterprising young gals on the internet
that sell like dirty socks oh yeah they
sell toenail clips and shit I'm not
kidding yeah nothing nothing goes to
waste
no nothing goes for blood for sale
India's illegal red market what is this
Jim oh this is like this is uh they're
doing it like medically though in an
alleyway yeah but that's how they do it
there
and that's crazy art is there still a
ban on Haitian people and gay people
giving blood that's a very good question
because they've they've gotten so close
to stopping HIV and they can get it like
not it correct me if I'm wrong they can
get it like to you to the point where
you're you can't even detect it oh yeah
which is incredible yeah and then now in
the third world cuz my my friend Peter
current he lives in Zimbabwe and no
Mozambique and he used to work for the
health department in LA County he was
the guy that was in charge of AIDS
prevention and so he got a job working
over in Africa and he said that you can
now cure not cure but stabilize somebody
with HIV with a pill that's like $60 a
month or something like that Wow yeah
they've got the price way down in Africa
now that's incredible why is there's so
many cases of HIV in Africa well I think
when nutrition is poor and there's more
cutting and bleeding because I had heard
that a lot of what you see in terms of
like if they're talking about AIDS in
Africa that you think it's very easy to
put aids I put like that category aids
that sometimes it's people with damaged
immune systems from a host of different
diseases huh that it's sometimes the
people aren't getting tested I was
wondered like how many those people are
tested for HIV
right right what is but the the fact
that a guy like Magic Johnson has had it
since remembered when you heard Magic
Johnson and I was in a panic yeah I felt
like it was a zombie movie like it's
happened it started and then people are
just gonna get it we're all gonna die of
AIDS everybody went our generation when
you and I were like 21 that's what
everybody thought it was gonna die from
AIDS right now Magic Johnson's looks
great yes still alive yep I think how
many people have died who didn't have
HIV and we're worried about this one
thing I remember he wanted to play any
all-star game and all the players were
like now I'm good
it's gonna be a slam dunk contest with
this dude Jesus Christ but what did what
did fucking damon wayans used to have a
bit about Dennis Rodman did this about
Dennis Rodman spitting in Magic
Johnson's mouth to accelerate his
symptoms
he's like if if he wanted to try to get
hardcore with them I hope he did
Damon's I'm a huge Damon Wayans fan so I
hope I'm not butchering his bit yeah but
I think that was one of I know that was
his line I'll spit your mouth accelerate
your symptoms dude I'm Damon Wayans my
opinion is like one of the most ignored
greats I agree 100%
I used to open for him sometimes and
twice I remember him coming in on a
Thursday night it was Thursday to Sunday
Fanueil Hall comedy connection Thursday
night he comes in fucking yellow pads he
goes up and just regurgitates a new hour
and gets okay laughs for a new hour
Friday night he comes back tighter
tighter
Sunday night it's like he would fucking
destroy with a new hour it was crazy
he's really good man yeah he would go
out he would just go up at the Comedy
Store and literally let whatever thought
came into his head and he would take
long sets and he would take that stuff
and he would turn that stuff into killer
clothes and bits yeah but for whatever
reason I think he just got into doing
sitcoms more right I was like yeah fuck
it
yeah you know yeah he's uh he's that's
interesting family man they you know
they grew up in the projects in
Manhattan dude talented in that family
yeah Keenan Damon Marlon Shawn like
Jesus Christ yeah that's a lot of cams
and it isn't Damon's son doing stand-up
tuna yeah dude
Damon jr. right what a crazy family I
know that's a crate you better be in
show business in that fair
we are you doomed yeah we think about
that it's like right like if you want to
compete with your brothers Keenen Ivory
Wayans Damon Wayans Kim wins Shawn
Wayans Marlin wins Damian Dante wins
Damon Wayans Jr that's all of them
yeah all of them in show business it's
amazing yeah
good luck until Keenan had a fucking
great talk show
hell yeah yeah great writers he was
really good as a talk show
yes yeah he was it's a talented fucking
family man yeah but for whatever reason
man Damon did this one HBO special and I
think he called it his last stand and it
was really good man it was really good
and the end of it he just throws the
microphone down and says like this is
the last time I'm doing stand-up oh no
shit yeah Wow
just like a decide he was gonna do
movies that's it last stand with a
question mark you know he got um you
know he just got into other stuff but
I'm telling you man when he was like go
up and above go that photo though the
one like that was the stage the
beret-wearing stage yeah dude I'm
telling you people forgot he's one of
the best Kent one of the best ever
dude he would murder that one particular
special it's just murderous he had a lot
of great sets yeah on television but
just like real original to like one of
those guys where you'd watch I mean
you'd go god damn why didn't I think of
that well and his voices were so fucking
good you know a lot of times people do
their girlfriend voice and it's just it
just sucks it just sounds like the guy
raising his voice there's no like right
female intonation to it or anything and
his kids voices and his wife will a
girlfriend were just fucking amazing
yeah yeah there and then of course it's
like put your prize collection prior
said yeah I mean you had so many
characters in living color
how about handyman you could never do
that yeah
that's right you could never do that
yeah
a homeless guy dude that's another show
in living color is another show that
people forget they forget how good it
was yeah yeah there is this handyman
they don't even show reruns of that show
do that you know reruns a handyman yeah
I remember what it was on TV man no one
could stop saying homey don't play that
yeah everybody would say that everybody
was like homey don't play that like
every kid would say that yeah cuz homey
the clown homey don't play that people
forgot people fucking forgot about homey
the clown they should come back Netflix
please throw some money at gettin back
on the air they just tried to do it and
it all fell apart what happened I know
they had big money and I don't know if
who's gonna be the original cast I might
have been part of the original cast I
bet what happened was Jennifer Lopez
didn't want to be a Fly Girl
Yeah right she's like no she should jump
on that shit that well she jumped back
in was a Fly Girl again I mean how much
time would it take not that much time
yeah she's there she's there he should
probably could dance in her sleep yeah
all right yep damn I would love that to
be a fire oh yeah
wonder who else was a flagrant any other
famous ones dude that show was so good I
remember watching it I was playing pool
in Yonkers New York and I looked up at
this this TV set and it was Jim Carrey
doing the the the fire marshal fire
marshal I was like what the fuck is
going on yeah this guy's got a burnt-up
face that's Rosie Perez who's the
choreographer for the first four seasons
you know Rosie president boxing fan
oh yeah huge giant boxing huh yeah like
people like she's like a boxing expert
not like an expert like she could train
fighters but like people asked her
questions yeah about boxing she's a real
enthusiast that's a better term instead
of an expert I mean maybe she is an
expert I don't know huh but she is
always around boxing I think it's so cuz
you always think of her as heaven that
the
cute voice and you know in all those
comedies and to see her it like boxing
matches really right into it so yeah
yeah it's cool and Jim Carrey I mean
Jesus Christ he he would do the the
convenience store security guy and he
was just so big and so big so different
than like I mean you have to go back to
Jerry Lewis to think about somebody
doing physical comedy that well yeah he
was he was a 10 like his energy and
everything was yeah like the fucking Ace
Ventura movie yeah like that movie was
just all performance yeah what is this
one veera de Milo do that fucking show
was so good yeah people forgot yeah yeah
there's fire marshal bill so I was in I
was in this pool hall and I looked up
I'm like what the fuck is that and
they're like that's fire marshal bill
that's that's what it is he came in like
that I was like that is the creepy shit
I've ever seen I can't believe they have
a character like this it was so over the
top do you think Jim Carrey or maybe
that one of the Wayans brothers has
bought up the rights for reruns because
they don't want that blow back ya know
it's a different era and you have to
accept is a different era you just
people were different look people are
changing and it's a really interesting
obvious sign that things that were super
acceptable and when was this in living
color I want to say it was like 92 92 94
92 94
yeah so that the way you could do
certain bits and what you get away with
and put on television was just different
so I think that's one of the like
probably one of the least understood
things that's happening with us with
social media is is rapid evolution of
what's acceptable not acceptable in our
and there's changing very quickly in
terms of subjects in terms of the way
you approach things in terms of like
obvious bigotry or obvious bias it's
like it's all getting very highlighted
well I think the big question is whether
or not you see an artist as somebody
who's
taking their inner vision and putting it
out and you go for the ride or you don't
or is it are we supposed to be
representing society in our stand-up or
is it all supposed to be fair balance
representations of different ethnic
groups and genders you know and it's
like when did it all have to become a
morality tale when did every depiction
of every race have to be fair no can't
you have an asshole who's black can't
you have a killer who's gay without it
becoming a depiction of that entire you
know subgroup yeah it's like if what our
real problem is that prejudice does
exist so when it does exist you kind of
look for it in things and you say hey
this has the characteristics of
prejudice I see this here I see what
you're doing here that I think this is
prejudice we say no no this is making
fun of Puerto Rican men this is not
prejudice yeah this is a an account of
real occurrences that I've turned into
humor yeah the the flamboyant
masculinity of Puerto Rican men I mean
like in New York like that's if you if
you thought of a type of Latino sort of
the bravado you know the music the food
everything spicy yeah like if you can't
make fun of that yeah come on I know
Colin Quinn does the whole thing racist
right Porto Ricans you never inside or
outside they're always both like there's
always a window open to people on the
inside now start talking the car door is
always open they're half in the car
they're half right this isn't racist
this is observation I take an
observation can I tell you that
yesterday about twice a week I go to
this Japanese market in marvista and
they've got all different kinds of you
know you can get sushi Chandpur or
whatever the parking lot for this place
because 80% of the people there are
Asian film it and put it on a fucking
television channel it is it is just
people
why don't you produce it
I could announce it like I was AJ Foyt
you're an Emmy award-winning writer that
could actually do something like that
you're like a legit writer you could
totally produce that give you a badge
and announce it like Nascar it's just
people like not getting how to get out
of a parking spot without taking like 8
K turns and people on the wrong side of
the street and backing up without
looking over the shoulders and they're
all Asian and it's fucking hilarious I
didn't I didn't tell them to do it I
didn't say it was wrong but it's
happening yeah Dave explained it why
it's a stereotype but why also why Asian
people would be more likely to walk
straight and you know like if you if you
go to China or if you go to any of those
Asian company Asian countries when
people walk straight at each other they
all kind of have this way of touching
and they just there's so many people
there just grinding past each other
right so yeah yeah so when you're in
China in particular people are like
indifferent to bumping into you it
doesn't bother them at all they just
bump into you yeah like if you're in the
aisle of a plane and they just bump into
you yeah like they'll do it to little
kids walk right through you all right
it's just that's how they did it's not
rude
there's like house really different yes
it's more crowded why can't you comment
on that what couldn't you comment on
that if that's a real thing
cuz that is a real thing they do do that
yeah they also do a lot of great stuff I
mean it's not like you're not it's a
negative judgement on the entire race
because they have this one
characteristic but to ignore that one
characteristic seems crazy yeah it's
like why can't I talk about something
yeah I'm not it's not mean I'm not a bad
person to talk about a real thing that
you see and I see yeah like what is that
I get I get booed on stage sometimes now
that never used to happen for what what
do you say I did a joke we don't have to
say the joke but just like I'll say it I
don't care because I don't think it's
offensive but this but this person did
and it was a you know I go oh it's girl
it's Girl Scout cookie season those
little whores are out there popping up
the tables wherever you are selling
those stale shitty overpriced cookie but
you buy them because it makes you feel
good like you're a good person you know
and then you walk through the parking
lot and some black kid comes up with a
box of Snickers going hey will you
support my basketball team when you're
like that's a fucking scam okay goes
boom they're not all skip and like
that's not what we're saying
stupid yeah you're doing a character I'm
commenting on a very real thing my
entire life I have bought Girl Scout
cookies and I have not always bought
that fucking Snickers bar in the subway
or that sometimes I do
yeah the Girl Scout cookies it's
universally accepted yeah right but they
only have like the ones that I like are
the ones it's like a coconut one that's
oh and I like chocolate on ya you know
that one this one caramel and it's
pronounced and watch it but that one
called come off but then there's also
like there's steps away from Girl Scout
cookies well you don't have to
participate like when kids come over
with chocolate or candy yeah yeah thanks
yeah good I don't eat that stuff but you
kinda have to buy Girl Scout cookies you
want to support the girls game yeah but
you know it's such a scam all that money
goes to the manufacturer apparently the
Girl Scouts make like 20% of the cookie
money really yeah they get fucked Girl
Scouts again of course someone came in
some ruthless man probably exactly what
it is those are the shit yeah with milk
with a cold glass of milk yeah don't
come yeah fuck yeah it almost tastes
look man look at it with its chocolaty
coconutty goodness to be so bad for you
when I was when I was working on a TV
show one of the producers had a daughter
who was in the Girl Scouts and I guess
you win contests if you sell over if you
sell the most cookies so when the
audience would stream out after the show
is a daily show and the audience would
stream out and the girl had a table set
up to sell their cookies and she was
selling a hundred boxes a day and for
every day she was there fucking won that
contest
and they would have the audience warm up
guy like plug it during the show like
after the shit like a comedian selling
his CDs after the show you could buy
some Girl Scout cookies on the way out
and all these these fat people from the
Midwest they're like cookies how like
Marie Callender's they just have pie
just pie just pie yeah not even good pie
it's good but it's not great considering
it's all they do I should have eaten
there oh I don't think I've ever eaten
there maybe I hate it one mm-hmm I don't
think I had their pie
that seems a weird thing like I'm
selling pies yeah I'd like good luck but
they're everywhere we know you know into
those you know you have flour yeah
branch out a little bit like who the
fuck gets famous as selling pies like
how genius is that company admins member
enmons Entenmann's but then they they
they broke out they started doing cakes
and cookies too but they only they did
just pies for a long time dude they used
to have this this goddammit this pastry
I'm trying to think of what the hell it
was but it had like like hard sugar on
the outside of it yeah and then it had
some sort of creamy sweet stuff on the
inside yeah holy shit was it good yeah
god damn we lived off that shit we had
Emmons every night they had like they
had one that had like a chocolate
filling in it and powdered outsize fill
they went out of business and then they
say oh that was the cheese one that was
a good one too I remember that cheese
filled crumb those they had some
ridiculously delicious shit
yeah what are the other big ones you
know I decided to fight in the
tournament once because I had a crazy
sugar high from Dunkin Donuts I'd hurt
myself I'd hurt something in my crotch I
couldn't work out for like a week yeah I
pulled some sort of a muscle there was a
big tournament that was coming up and my
all the guys that I competed with we're
going on this tournament was like I had
just fought like a week before I was
like I don't think I can
I'm like this doesn't feel right I'm
just gonna take the whole week off so I
decided I'm just gonna take off let this
thing heal and so delivering my
newspapers and I go to Dunkin Donuts and
I got this powdered lemon filled donut I
got one of those and I got a Boston
cream don't ya got one of those and I
got a I ate like three donuts cuz I'd be
exhausted tired drinking coffee
delivering fucking newspapers for three
hours and I was so jacked on sugar and
coffee that I said fuck it I want a
fight and so I drove into town like
right before everybody was leaving
they're like why are you here I said I'm
gonna fight anyway man like beavis and
butt-head i won i won the tournament
it's a giant tournament for me it was
big was the American Open was like a big
it's a big deal
Wow yeah it wasn't gonna do it I got
jacked up on sugar and made a rash
decision I can see you winning the first
match but then I let them then you crash
no I'm gonna keep fighting no it didn't
it worked out somehow or another I guess
I ate when I got there too but also the
week off I'd never done that like taking
a week off sometimes when you do
something like that where you if you you
exercise too much
you're really always in a state of
recovery yeah and your body doesn't get
a chance to like fully charge back up
again so at the time I was probably 19
and I was going hard like every day
every day that I could so I'd never
really taken that week off so taking a
week off and just feeling like wow this
is great did take a week off when I
started getting laid yeah that is one
thing that happened the first time you
got laid yeah when I first started
getting laid hmm I took a long time off
yeah yelled at yeah I wasn't doing any
training I came back all tan and shit
[Music]
all you did was fuck that's a workout at
that age that's a workout I'm you know
those weren't 20-minute sessions it's
weird how your your body changes from no
no urge to fuck to like fucking is your
whole life yeah like when you're 18
years old it's your whole life
like you found the craziest drug ever
yeah and like two years ago it wasn't in
your life
yeah then also that's in your life it
all said you're having sex yeah I can't
believe this yeah
and you can't believe that with that
women are letting you do it because for
years they were stopping you and now
they're initiating yes can believe they
want it you actually want me to fuck you
yeah this is what you like yeah okay
yeah feels wrong but if you insist it
feels wrong that you like it
is that weird mentality that we think
it's wrong that they like it is that a
Christian they so crazy I think it has
to do with initially if you read sex at
dawn he's got a really interesting
series of thoughts on the origins of
sexual behavior and why why we all sort
of adopted this one thing now it's what
do you think let me ask you I think it's
Christian I know it is for me you know I
got a lot of hate I got a lot shame
about all that stuff I think it has to
do with people getting pregnant too yeah
I think it had to do with it was too
easy for a girl to get pregnant and if a
girl got pregnant back when people were
fucking just barely making that out of
the caves right it was either really
good cuz you had food or it was a real
burden because you had to take care of
this baby now you're not gonna be
gathering food for us right I think
there was a lot of that going on so if
you were gonna be with a person and
you've decided to make babies you got to
be sure that this person is gonna be
there and take care of everything and
you're all set up yeah so you can't just
be banging a bunch of guys on the side
and having kids with everybody then
who's gonna raise your kids right this
guy is going to come over and talk to
his kid and he's gonna come over talk to
his kid yeah that becomes a problem
right I think that's and the amazing
thing is that having kids back then for
guys the reason why guys stuck around
was you know we have 401 K is an IRA
accounts back then it's like when you
when you couldn't gather anymore you
were at the mercy of charity and so if
you had a lot of kids you had a chance
of being able to actually live into your
old age
yeah yeah they would take care of you
yeah it's also interesting too because
there was so much infant mortality back
then
that there was a lot of places where
there's real good evidence that they had
fertility cults like they were trying to
figure out ways to get pregnant more and
easier they're trying to have a bunch of
kids yeah because kids were you know
kids died a lot yeah then yeah that died
from injury and sickness and a lot of
people died from sickness you know no
vaccines right and you just hit the
mercy and then also it's the beginning
of Agriculture so all these diseases are
emerging that we don't have immune
systems for because they're being
they're being jumped from like they're
jumping from pigs to people they're
jumping from chickens and birds to
people that's where the source of most
of these pandemic diseases come from it
comes from large-scale agriculture yeah
those funky pigs all tucked together in
these little cages that doesn't come for
free yeah like there's a some demons are
being brewed in that mix oh yeah yeah
like this this what was this what was
the source of the Spanish flu which I
think was the most deadly epidemic in
the US history oh is that right it was
international - revenue was
international for sure I think for sure
was the most deadly epidemic in the u.s.
yeah but I think he came I don't think
it came from Spain I think I want to say
it came from somewhere around Virginia
is that bullshit this is gonna take time
probably New Jersey I feel like he came
from some sort of farm situation yeah I
don't know why I'm I feel like I'm
guessing that I'm surprised it's not
more of that now because you see some of
these like pig farms and they have links
there are lakes of waste have you seen
the drone footage is that what we're
talking about now oh my god some guy
flew it you know because they have these
ag-gag laws which apparently one of them
just got shot down somebody sent me an
email that someone maybe was
Idaho or Iowa one of those places one of
those AI states that uh the ag-gag laws
got shut down the ag-gag laws are say if
you were working in a slaughterhouse and
you saw horrific conditions you got your
cell phone out you filmed it you could
get prosecuted you would go to jail
you could be sued because of foodie can
all those documentaries that came out
well it's the I think those AG gag laws
existed as soon as they figured out that
people could film things yeah you know
because a few people released videos of
her and it looked those AG gag laws kept
you know kept people from talking about
a lot of creepy shit like this video
yeah have you see this video this guy
decided since no one's gonna give him
access to film the place openly he's
gonna fly over it so he flew over with a
drone Spanish flu thing okay for many
years medical historians and
epidemiologists hypothesize that the
outbreak could have started in a British
army base in Etta place France or at
Fort Riley in Kansas where the first
American cases of the new strain of flu
were recorded in March of 1918 more
recently experts have experts have
proposed a third hypothesis the Spanish
flu originated somewhere in northern
China in late 1917 and swiftly moved to
Eastern Europe within a hundred and
forty thousand Chinese laborers and the
French and British governments recruited
to perform manual labor to free up the
troops for wartime duty Wow
yeah I think more people died of that
than they dead then died in World War
one v 750 million people were killed
because of this damn whoa just think
about course is low here of 50 million
people reclaiming look at this it says
claiming more lives in a single year
than either the First World War or the
four year long black death bubonic
plague outbreak that swept Europe and
Asia in the Middle Ages and this is one
that for whatever reason people talk
about the plague they talk about the
bubonic plague everyone's here but no
one talks about the Spanish flu like
that's a rare it's not it doesn't get
brought up that often if you see this
number this number of people die 50
million people in a year in a year man
people talk about how bad it is right
now but it's not they're saying they're
saying it killed more lives in a single
year than either the first world war or
the four-year long black death any bugs
may have killed
it may have one third of the population
was sick with it they did not die god
damned i mean you people think that the
world is in such bad shape
we don't have plagues you know there's a
the the poverty rate for the the average
poverty rate in the world has gone up
for like the last ten years there's less
poverty those less starvation there's
more education you know there's a lot of
there's a lot of good shit going on too
but just think about that we haven't had
a world war in what seventy years yeah
yeah it's been it's been quite a while
not to say not to diminish the wars that
are happening now but something that
really affected you know the entire
population always feel like even since
high school though it's always been like
around the corner yeah like it was when
we were in high school was the big fears
that we're gonna go to war with the
Russians do you remember going into the
coat room and putting your head between
your knees did you have to do that I
don't think we did that we used to do
this we did that get under the desk
drill yeah hilarious get out of the desk
like which is a nuclear war do these to
tell you you're gonna hit on your desk
okay as if they had some way to
alleviate our stress yeah an attending
all right get under the desk I want to
give you an answer yeah yeah nobody knew
what the fuck to do so they just made up
some nonsense let's get under your desk
everyone Duck and Cover nuclear war that
linoleum is gonna save your life yeah
look at this this is the drill all these
little kids underneath their tables what
a fucked up thing to put in the kid's
head man yeah just stop and think about
how close we were to doing something so
stupid that this could have become a
reality and how now think about how this
is a reality in certain parts of the
world like in in our place it's not but
in other places it is yeah and that's
that's their life I mean especially when
it comes to things like drone warfare
that freaks me out I know it's very
effective at shooting terrorists I know
it is I know it's excellent it's also
super effective at killing civilians mmm
super effective
yeah and there's something about when
you think about how we're being
perceived in the rest of the world is
something about not even being present
for the accidental killing that makes it
just you know twice as bad it just seems
weird and apparently it gives them
pretty severe PTSD yeah you know I'm
laughing because I'm like thinking like
that's so crazy like they don't even
have to be there and they're getting
PTSD like just the fact that they're
doing it from yeah I heard that right
islets are freaking out there some of
them yeah I'm by the way this is just
what I'm reading might not even be true
now I read that sensationalized but I
would imagine that would kind of fuck
with your head yeah the first couple
times would be fun you'd be like a video
game and then you and then would start
to sink in when you heard when you heard
the reports later yeah you'd have to so
detach yourself from it that it would be
like this growing thing in the back of
your mind
yeah you just launching missiles into
apartment buildings and they're telling
you it's okay everybody says it's okay
yeah it's what you're supposed to do
when I talked to this gentleman that I
know that was in the CIA
he said that all those decisions are
done by lawyers how really yeah whether
or not they do it or not do it because
at the end of the day lawyers are
deciding whether or not it's like likely
to be successful with the legal
ramifications he goes when you're
talking about that kind of stuff he's
like seriously a lot of it's decided by
lawyers because they want to not have if
you should elaborate AddThis deciding
and yeah yeah and they want to make sure
that all the Ducks are in order yeah
which I mean is that better was at worse
I mean is it better just leave it to the
generals to design you know you get this
cartoonish impression of what that would
be like some general like the fucking
guy from Avatar
yeah that's what everybody's worried
about right look at the character the
the cartoonish
out of control murderous soldier yeah it
was the Kubrick movie Oh Full Metal
Jacket no the one with the
Peter Sellers was in it and it was about
how I how I something the nuclear bomb
oh yes dr. strange yeah
like the general and that yes yeah
they're always like cartoonish yeah man
you better hope guys like that are on
your side dr. Strangelove that was a
great movie man it was so weird to watch
it today yeah I watched it a few years
back did you really yeah like maybe four
or five years back wash it I was like
wow it's so wild to watch these little
captured moments in time where you can
see like people were different then yeah
like old movies when you watch old
movies you know it's the biggest
indication that something's different is
women didn't work out that yeah they
weren't like fit like you were used to
seeing a lot of actresses that are on TV
and the movies they all do like CrossFit
yeah or something they're all working
out they're all taking gymnastics or
something or they're doing spin classes
and they have trainers and doing these
box jumps and shit like girls are built
now it's a different thing yeah if you
go look at like the King Kong look like
Fay Wray and King Kong just soft they
just yes they're not even picking up
their groceries like this they built
different yeah and they don't last if
they didn't do manual labor
some of them do when they do it's a
shock like Raquel Welch like deep indoor
cities like yeah they're still hot so
Fela ran right to the end yeah it's a
few of them that were so potent yeah
their spell lasted there their entire
existence has just started this Jane
Fonda workout though yeah Vonda back in
the day with the doggie thing what was
that like 1970s that was so fucking big
it was the first time women were
marketed to for exercise I think so I
think so I think before that women maybe
competed in athletic events like
fantasticks and shit like that when they
were young but then when they probably
got families or moved on to jobs they
probably stopped was this one general
aerobic championship
oh my God look at this is a
choreographed dance this is so strange
Wow that's right do you remember
aerobics everything I'm gonna take an
aerobics class yeah remember that kind
of people just dance around and you
would do stuff feel the pop the pop and
two and three and go they turn everybody
gay for about five years
all these guys look at these guys these
guys are straight as fuck and they don't
even know they're doing gay stuff you
know it's like it's like when before
everybody knew that Rob Halford from
Judas Priest is gay
he used to make everybody dress up like
him because everybody like kids that
were straight kids there were huge fans
at Judas Priest they would wear the cap
and the check wearing gay aesthetic
like gay biker-looking tough-guy stuff
everybody got into it because they loved
him cuz judas ids are so badass and he's
such a fucking awesome frontman that
like he had straight guys dressing up
like a gay bike that's fucking hilarious
and then he comes out and they're all
like what this so confused he pitted at
a concert there's a hundred yeah no I'm
just saying what he did and they look
down in there fuck what you're wearing
is what I like in my men I had him on a
show I did once I was uh like this thing
for vh1 called the list oh yeah I did
that you did it too yeah here he is look
at that I mean look at the outfit bro
seriously Wow did the leather paper boy
hat on yep it's more a soldier's hat and
he's got leather vest on with no shirt
underneath leather gloves at spikes all
S&M shit yeah tight tight tight leather
pants
it's hilarious take Freddie Mercury yeah
man what was my point
well we're talking about something right
before we're talking about that oh the
aerobics oh yeah the aerobics guys like
come on man they had dudes wearing
singles look at this look at this outfit
this that's like a singlet from
wrestling but with long pants yeah this
is bananas that they got man a dress
like this look
what they're wearing if you see their
nipples like their nipples are popped
out they're all super gay doubtlessly
this three-quarter length
Reebok high-tops exactly with the velcro
you how to get the velcro that's the
newest technology
yeah so look every girl is dressed like
you know I guess they look more like wow
they have two different outfits the
girls have some of them exposed the
mid-drift yeah like the dirty girls that
they are and the other ones they were a
one-piece
Oh Alan Thicke was hosting this
motherfucker
oh shit course he was oh shit look at
him look at that hair it's wonderful
look at this jacket solve Miami Vice
doubt yeah he's got shoulder pads yeah
get rid of shoulder pads back then you
could have shoulder pads hey I remember
having shoulder pads in my first jacket
it's nice makes you look better yeah
like a stuffed bra for a girl is yeah
it's the same thing yeah yeah but how
weird the people so do you remember
people actually dressing like that in a
class situation did they go to classes
dress like that we had uniforms and
stuff so now I'd see if I never took an
aerobics class but see if you could find
video footage of an aerobics classes if
all the guys a dress like that
those dudes got Punk'd yeah somebody
talked him into dressing like a dancer
yeah yeah and they're not showing their
kids this video why not stupid so what
if you're stupid once you're stupid
forever what's not real come on and your
kids love seeing you looking stupid too
and you should tell him I had a mullet
they laugh one thing that I always do
when I told my kids they did something
wrong they've done something wrong I say
I did worse way worse I did exactly what
you did and I lied about it I always
lied my parents asked me if I did
anything wrong I always lied and I'm
like I know if you did something you
didn't do it I'm not mad at you I'm just
trying to make you not do it in the
future because I want you to learn why
it's bad yeah that's good that's good a
number one thing I always do right and I
get mad sometimes I mean it's just
there's
we can't they sometimes especially as
they get older they get upset about
things and you got to calm down you're
gonna figure out how to calm down stop
screaming at each other yeah
sisters scream at each other you took my
thing that's fine yeah it's not you gave
it to me no but I can take it back
it's amazing the pitch they can get
because usually when people get that
hostile to each other you you you're
worried there's gonna be a physical
fight but but sisters can take it to
three times that level it makes you so
uncomfortable but then they'll look
cuddle with each other yeah it's funny
that's sweet serious difference two
years yes interesting watching them
evolve like watching them learn new
facts and learn new things and watch
their little brain fill with information
their vocabulary starts growing yeah
like wow yeah and you realize like I
mean I've said this before but it bears
repeating we look at people in a static
state we're always looking at people
like oh I see a guy and he's 40 years
old he's an asshole
oh that's that 40 year old asshole that
fucking guy I know that guy that guy's
so annoying but you don't think oh that
was a baby yeah that was a baby with a
bunch of shitty data thrown at him a
bunch of shitty interactions bad genes
bad environment maybe some alcoholism
yeah maybe some throw it in all of it
right al ADHD bad nutrition and throw it
all in there throw it on there a bunch
of bad breaks and life throw it all in
there you know and that happens to so
many people so you look at him instead
of I I always like look at what they are
now this guy but what they are all of
them including you and me is a baby that
became an older thing you know and a
great deal of people whose lives are
chaotic Lee fucked up it's through no
fault of their own it's a great deal of
them it's a large number right you know
and as I've gotten older and tried to be
more compassionate and more
our more understanding more patient
those are things that have worked on a
lot you know I still struggle with it
but it's I don't think it's anything you
ever really totally get over but you get
better you get I've seen it in you a lot
over the years you're a lot more patient
yeah I think a lot of that has to do
with just getting better at being a
person and then when you work on it but
I think I'll also a lot of it has to do
with my the change of my attitude about
people and that I started to think of
them as a product of a lot of different
interactions and that we like you hear
the term white privilege it's a fucked
up term right it's weird but you have to
admit if you're a person and nothing
completely catastrophic has happened to
you and you became this 50 year old
successful comedian it's an Emmy
award-winning writer and like yeah bad
things happen to you right but they
could have been fucking way worse it
could have been way worse and for some
people it is fucking way worse they just
got a shit roll of the dice from the
jump and it's been bad experience after
bad experience and fucking abuse and
violence and jail and you can't get out
there's no way out you can't even read
she's like you're for autumn around at
sea trying to keep your head above water
yeah and you run into them when they're
32 at a gas station and it's as much
it's I mean it's not saying it's not
their fault because whenever someone
does anything to you it's their fault
like if someone commits violence on you
they shouldn't have done that it's their
fault we that's agreed but what were the
underlying factors that led this to
happen and for all this talk that we do
in this country about about violence and
crime and the problem of violence and
crime nobody ever looks at it in terms
of like how do you stop children from
being raised fucked-up and violent
stop them from being abused how you step
in you that because that's the root of
all of it right and I think early
childhood education can make a big
difference because if you have a kid
growing up and you know the dad took off
there's no money he's living on the
streets if you can create an environment
for that four year old to come in and
have two decent meals a naptime some
structured play it makes all the
difference in the world because that can
become like the family to them now let
me ask you this because this is the
we're in the the biggest crisis in terms
of immigration in terms of national
discussion the biggest discussion of it
than I can ever remember right now with
this wall shit where the government is
completely shut down and no one's
budging on either side and all these
government workers are not getting paid
and some because Trump wants five
billion dollars for this wall I'm not
let's just in an ideal world it would be
ideal if the way the world worked was
the way America works well you could
just go ever you want that be the ideal
world if the whole world was America in
the sense of you can go to New Mexico
you don't have to get paperwork signed
you don't have to no one has to tell you
whether or not you're allowed to go
visit or not go visit yeah you just
drive there that's that's a nice thing
about America it's almost like Europe
but you don't need a passport not in
it's like Europe I know you guys have
been around longer and all that good
stuff that's not what I mean I mean in
terms of there's a bunch of different
feels yeah it's all speaking one
language but there's a big difference
between visiting Montana and visiting
Miami you know if you go to Billings
Montana and hang out with the local folk
at a coffee shop and then you go to some
fucking crazy after artis After Hours
party in Miami on Miami Beach at 4:00 in
the morning and P Diddy shows up yeah
fuckin you know and there's all these
celebrities and people are doing coke on
the floor and like what the fuck is this
this is a different world yeah there's a
different world and there's a bunch of
these different world New York cities is
it four world you know la is a different
world you're allowed to go there it
wouldn't it be great if the whole world
was like that you could just kind of go
wherever you wanted to go and they would
all sort itself out the idea is you
can't because it would fuck up our
quality of life it would make us less
safe
and I get the argument certainly you
don't want to bring in criminals and
murderers you don't want drug dealers
making their way into this country and
starting gang violence and all that
stuff yes you're absolutely right and to
deny that I think it's pretty fucking
foolish yeah I think it's a matter of
like there's a lot to it it's a fluid
the border is always gonna be fluid and
it needs to be fluid you know we need em
the immigrant spirit of coming in and a
lot of them do start small businesses
went you know and again when they're
brought in legally and so how do you how
do you create a flow of people that is
good for us because they say most of the
immigrants that come here are the
smartest sharpest people most driven and
wherever they're from so we're actually
drawing a really good you know they talk
so much about the criminals but the
truth is most of them that are coming
over here are the ones that probably
have the most to offer to this country
well exactly like our parents generation
like our grandparents like my
grandparents like when did your your
grandparents come over here was it your
grandparents in 1810 my grandparents
yeah mine as well your grandfather was
one of 13 and 12 of them came over here
and they lived in a two-room fucking mud
hut somehow they kept finding the money
to send one kid over at a time like
usually when they're about 15 crazy shit
yeah see that kind of shit is what I'm
talking about like those kind of people
shouldn't they be allowed to come here
that's that's how this thing got started
the real problem is that there's spots
that suck that's the real problem it's
like we were talking about like white
privilege the white privilege is not the
problem the problem is racism racism
doesn't exist and everyone's exactly the
same and then we're okay and then you
don't need to worry about white
privilege what the real problem you're
not getting you're not getting racist
things thrown at you the way black
people are yeah for sure but that's not
the problem the problem is racist things
being thrown at black people something I
don't get it right say you get it right
and it's like to highlight the fact that
it's not happening to me I get what
you're saying but the real problem it's
a distraction that the real problem is
the racism itself the real problem is
the when you see actual Nazis mm-hmm in
2018-2019 actual
ones real ones like not not just
dressing up because they think it's a
hoot
you know I'm rebel I'm a fucking hero I
got a piece of tape under my nose
this is fucking people that aren't
really Nazis but they're dumb yeah right
but then you see a real Nazi in 2019
you're like okay that's real racism yeah
now when they go into like I was in
Portland and they said there's regular
clashes like once a month there's a
demonstration and it's either the
alt-right having a demonstration and
then the what do they call them
something far and Tifa
and t4 show up and they have regular
fights and it's fucking Nazis goddamn
Oregon's a fucked up state because it
was originally there were no black
people allowed in Oregon yeah that's the
that's the you know cuz now Portland is
this very progressive super super for
Esav but there's no black people there
so we'll see you there RAC feels little
Hollow that went here they're runnin
shit I just did New Year's Eve shows
there and they were they were it was all
white it was all white it was weird that
is weird they're done if I was black I
would go to Portland a second you'd have
so many friends instantly for dinner
it's um yeah the real problem for sure
is any kind of discrimination because
that also fucks with us too because if
if people are discriminating against
people we can't even make fun of them
now we have to leave em alone
punching down like but it's right there
when you think about as a stand of what
your topics are race racism sexuality
politics don't do politics I know I
would say that the the average comic is
talking about two topics racism and
sexuality I think you did a great job of
covering politics without actually being
political you do a great job with that
you're Hillary Clinton bet yeah i yeah I
did this thing during the election about
her and I didn't mean it to knock her
but it really wasn't about not
anybody it was about her having a dry
pussy and you know that's the kind of
political economy you can expect for me
it was also about countdown till Trump
calls her a cunt yeah it was my favorite
line about the election dude I did that
I did the dry Khan jokes about her and
then Drew Carey was in the audience and
he came up to me after the show
he gave me an entire piece of paper with
more jokes on that premise he had tears
in his eyes like that's the funniest
thing I've ever seen here take these he
loves filth drew carey's winning nicest
guys yeah ever yeah he's great I met him
at the improv and dude he talks to
everybody he was given young comics
advice telling them write a joke a day
just one joke a day yeah you get one
joke a day so you get advice once a week
you got seven jokes yeah make yourself
ready joke yeah it's right you're right
his joke yesterday no I wrote some shit
that wasn't funny
that's right some shit yeah we didn't
you and I did a store together last
night yeah and the last night I came
home wrote yeah yeah I'm just in this
stage of a couple of these bits that I'm
working on right now where them they're
just like they're on Bambi legs yeah
they'll go south on me yeah just lose
the script yeah it's um it's interesting
because when you go from doing a special
and then chucking everything out and
starting from scratch it's the most fun
time yeah cuz you're like look you're a
beginner again you thinking about it all
the time yeah I'd like after dinner I've
got a half hour I'm like I want to get
back to that bit yeah yeah you think
you're thinking about it all the time
yeah like you're thinking about bits all
the time whereas once you have an act
together
and you do you do an hour 20 minutes
easy then you're not thinking about it
that much thinking about when you do it
are you thinking about it when you're
right but you're not thinking about it
all day
no you're tweaking it in in motion like
when you're on stage and you've got the
hour down that's when we you and I were
talking about comedian you just told to
take a little extra time before they do
this special yeah and it really isn't
that extra few months that you find
emphasizing this syllable mm-hmm makes
the joke get an applause break instead
of just laughs it's also one of the most
interactive or
forms ever whereas you need other people
to do it you need other people to watch
there's no way I can do that without you
without people listening watching
whatever it is I can't you can't do it
man you need them because they help you
make it their reactions to what you're
saying tightens up what you're saying
maybe their reactions to make you throw
away certain parts just aren't working
right yeah you think it's funny they
don't think it's funny like how many
times do they not think it's funny
before you decide that part might not to
be that good
holy construe this part this part seems
to have fruit to it this is part this is
the part that kills I didn't even expect
this part to work but this part become a
bigger part of the bit than the first
part and then weird stuff starts
branching off but I don't think branches
off in front of people yeah it's weird
no it really is interesting if if you
could track a comedian writing a bit a
good comic who really takes on a premise
like you do like take on a thought or a
philosophy and step it out as far as it
can possibly go and walk track that
person doing that set for six months it
can morph to where this almost nothing
left from the original premise all the
time yeah yeah sometimes I'll take an
old joke and I'll use it as a
scaffolding like when I'm writing again
and I've got no like I'm trapped and I'm
like a kind of no way to get from this
bit to it but I got an old joke I'm
gonna shove a old joke in now mm-hmm
and then from that like the little burst
that you get out of that will carry you
on and make this the next premise better
it's got a little bit more momentum to
it and now you can explore it a little
light-headed a little light-hearted a
little little easier less tense yeah
because the new stuff I think about it
that fucks me up the most is that I'm
not exactly sure what's the best way to
do it so I'm thinking about while I'm
saying it instead of just being in the
moment right until I until you can just
get it to the point where you can be in
the moment it's just clunky yeah because
it's clunky you're nervous and because
you're nervous you're thinking about it
all the time yeah so it becomes like
this obsession so if I feel like more
premises start popping up that way it's
weird it's like you have this hyper
focus that's way less comfortable than
being like having an hour and 20 down
yeah ready to film yeah it's a way less
comfortable but it's probably more
productive in terms of like creatively
course but I was I always think of like
it's like learning a new language every
time I have a new bit it's like how do I
translate this thought in my head into
like you said what's my approach what's
my strategy to get that idea across yeah
and so you're thinking about that and it
slows down you yeah you're not in the
moment as much I think I'm gonna start
doing some real late night sets too
yeah that's a good idea I think you
gonna do tired people like 13 people in
the room you gotta try those those
little spots out too you can get a
little too used to doing crowds and if
you're little to use do and crowds what
happens is people would want to laugh
yeah they want to laugh their dare to
have a good time when you get it one
o'clock in the morning they've already
laughed
they've laughed and laughed and laughed
and they've laughed for hours some of
them some of them get there at 9:00 and
they stayed till 2:00 yeah they just get
up to pee order another drink
have another seat and you're watching a
crazy lineup of comedians you get on at
one o'clock in the morning man like the
Don Barris hour that fucking the your
you're getting in front of people that
have seen everything yeah so if you make
them laugh like that that's a legit bit
yeah if you can get through to these
people when they've probably heard
everything well then it gets you in your
voice more because when there's only 15
people out there versus 300 a couple
hours earlier at 300 you're performing
something out to the back of the room
yeah they talk about playing to the back
of the room in bigger rooms you have to
be more physical you have to slow down
and and then when you have 15 people all
of a sudden you're in your human being
talking to human beings voice yeah and
sometimes that's where you can find
really the flow with the joke a lot
better because you're not you're not
pumping it up
you're just saying mmm yeah I agree but
I think you have to do those larger
places to just to know how to do them
like they're a different thing yeah do a
big theater a big theater you need to be
comfortable with the fact that there's
you know X and a thousands people in
that room and unless you do a bunch of
those like you and I have done a few of
them together yeah they're fun yeah
you have a time there's a timing thing
that's difference you have to like wait
a little longer you can't you can't beat
your punchlines like one after the other
like you can in a club right the club
you could just keep you could keep
hammering because there's only so many
people in the room it won't overpower
the sound system and that's why for so
long Comedy Central the mandate was
always they want the special shot in a
nice theater like a you know 1500 mm
seat or where they can get that big the
crane camera shooting down and the truth
is for most including myself I'm not a
theater comic I'm a club comic so well
sudden I shoot my special in a room that
holds 1600 people and it wasn't I don't
look back at it and go that's exactly
how I wanted to be same yeah I was
slower I was pretty I was bigger it's
like I would have rather done it in a
like a nice little 400 seat club also
you weren't doing a lot of those places
so you weren't comfortable with it like
when I do those really big places once
you get comfortable with it you start
treating it like a club yeah like one of
my most comfortable sets was one of the
biggest places I ever did the Scotiabank
arena in in Toronto at the end of my
tour yeah but is at the end of the tour
the very last spot before the Netflix
special came out so I had I've been
doing stand-up like real regular in
these big giant ass places for months so
when I got there it felt like the store
felt like doing the main room yeah it's
just a bigger main room all right you
know you just it was just fun just have
a good time yeah it's just doing a lot
of those you got to do them but you
really do have to do the little tiny
shitty ones you got to do those 1 a.m.
spots you got to do those belly room
spots yeah that's a big one the belly
room is a big one that's right there it
is if you are not connected to them they
do not laugh and if you are connected
it's the greatest crowd the price
there's only what 60 people in there huh
something like that I also like doing
alternative rooms sometimes I go to
Largo I'll do up there in front of the
cool kids and you know have to be a
little more PC and you should have a
fake act that you do only for Largo
like put together actually I did Largo
with Whitney a lot like Lara Lara has
this question and Hardwick was on that
show too and
someone else maybe Adam ray now Adam
Devine and um and it was a fun time and
it's really fun Largo is a really
interesting old place too but all those
those are alt seen things like I would
love if somebody did they put an act
together that's only for like that crowd
but it's like just onion ask enough that
sneaks through you know just a really
like a guy who plays like the strongest
ally possible for everything for trans
rights gay rights black rights women's
rights yeah it's like the ultimate ally
yeah yeah everything Birkenstock
whatever we can do yeah whatever you do
to make them a character write really
good jokes
write write really good jokes like that
would be an interesting project almost
like a Borah type project like create an
alt comic yeah who's like who's really
calculated who's really probably just
trying to get pussy right but but puts
together the right words you know if you
don't support intersectionality then get
the fuck out of my face yeah ya know
like some and then he should try to get
laid after every show as part of the
care course yeah be just super sleazy
with coke and needles he's got shaky
bottles of bills take the pussy hat off
his head and starts fucking it backstage
yeah he's gonna flush like for a pussy
out oh my god it'll be a hilarious
character but yeah the thing about
people is who are you really
and when you're like when you're talking
to people do you know who you are do you
sure you know who you are like are you a
hundred percent certain and cool and
calm I don't think most of us are I
think most of us are like constantly
evolving the way we behave and think
constantly thinking about it maybe
things went wrong last night I got
stopped drinking there's always like
something yeah I gotta get my ass to the
gym
there's always something there's always
something you're trying to improve and
move around so if you are a person who
is you know if you don't know exactly
where are you coming from but you want
to sell that you know where you're
coming from you want people to believe
you know where you're coming from then
you then you get all this momentum
behind you and you almost can't get away
from it right you know like you're
you're like you're like you see this a
lot with people that are trying to be
spiritual or they're always trying to
sell you on the idea that they're
spiritual
always pushing there's this is me man
this is me are you sure hmm
I sure like I think who we are all of us
is a lot of it is like who we've
encountered and how we've interacted
with those people yeah and then the
uniform comes along with it and the diet
there's like a whole follow this manual
that you know they talk about hipsters
which you know it's a pretty wide
umbrella about what kind of hipsters
there are but just the idea of wearing a
uniform always kind of puts me off on
people like you've stopped you stopped
growing if you're gonna put on what all
the other people that you want to be
like are wearing yeah this is the thing
it's like the opinions aren't
necessarily wrong because they're your
opinions but the thing of the the thing
of any kind of ideology whether it's a
hipster alt ideology or if it's a
fucking conservative right-wing
farmworker ideology like when people
adopt those it's very little deviation
yeah and a lot of times they're not even
really thinking entirely about what
they're saying because they just know
what is gonna get the right positive
reaction from their clan yeah I feel bad
my mom who's you know we grew up pretty
liberal family in New York my dad was in
radio and he talked politics on the air
and it was pretty far left reading that
you know my mom worked at the New York
Times he can't get any more liberal than
that and so then she moved down to
Florida where everybody watches Fox News
in her building and they all sit around
the pool and they fucking berate her
because they don't agree with them and I
just say good for you mom you haven't
because a lot of people go down there
and they're J changed their views
because they are so you know intimidated
by not fitting in with the it's your
social group it's a different country
Florida's different ya know saying
American
Europe yes what this is right and now
you go to Florida that's a different
country it is and it's it's two
different countries because if not three
because you've got the locals which I'd
put them against Mississippi and Alabama
for being deep south yes and then you've
got the retirement people which is old
Jews from New York and then you've got
the Latino element Florida it's it's
three different kinds a lot of old
Italians from New York - oh yeah that's
right all those people just does it fuck
this winter yeah
we're getting out of here yeah what do
we do fucking get in the boat as hard as
your fucking aunt's cunt you get some
good Italian food and in Florida oh yeah
Lord has got some good food but yeah
you're right the upper part of it
especially that's like oh that mean it
might as well be any other southern
state here right okay and then at the
bottom it's of Cubans ya know runnin
shit Miami yeah Miami's just
international Miami's like an
international city it's like an
international city that's in America
that means that is so different than
Seattle like in terms of feel and like
the way you're walking around
everybody's like Fanning and tight
clothes and partying and fucking dancing
and musics coming out of cars like whoa
okay space is alive yeah that's alive
and it's gonna be underwater soon yeah
when they get a suit when the moon is in
certain positions in Florida it doesn't
even matter what tide is the fucking if
it if there's a high tide and no storm
they still street still flood in Miami
it's getting bad is that real yeah well
here's what they got to do they got to
dig under the city and then lift it up
yeah it's right just go all the way
under Elon Musk use that tunnel machine
thing and I'm gonna put some giant metal
bars and just jack it out Jackie you got
the Italians down there they do
construction but what if they do in New
Orleans deal where they put up a levee
yeah that's what I'm gonna need to do
Jesus Christ I think the problem with
that though what I read was that there's
something about the porous nature of the
soil in Miami that the waters gonna come
through the ground
yeah the ground under the cities of
South Florida's large cedar is largely
porous live Jamie's on the ball largely
porous limestone which means water will
rise up through it so they're fucked
they're fucked no matter what even with
a levy they're fucked that water's just
gonna get through the ground right up
you know how like you're on the beach
and you could dig a hole in the sand and
eventually you hit water yeah that
always freaked me out yeah I know I know
whatever there's water under here how
much water I remember my kid was sitting
in one of those holes and I'm like
you're gonna get fucking sucked
underground yeah I didn't like it I
didn't like it yeah I was listening to a
radio lab podcast on quicksand there's
really cool podcasts because it made me
think I want oh yeah nobody worries
about quicksand anymore is that a real
thing well exam kids dude yeah yeah
quicksand is a real thing
yeah yeah it's a real thing you can fall
into this soupy watery sandy shit and if
you don't try to swim out of it you try
to walk out of it you could drown yeah
you could die in there people have
definitely died and you might not even
get out if you try to swim out but
that's how you handle it you handle it
the same way you handle water and if you
try walking through it yeah like people
just get sucked into the murk I mean if
you think about it there's like a
certain amount of density to what you
need to stand on right that's why mud
it's not hard use a point you just go in
there and you can get really stuck right
well if it's more watery than that then
what happens well then you can't even
stand yeah then you people just panic
Wow yeah you got to swim yeah if you can
because there's all this weight on you
too you have to realize that that
stuff's dense so it's watery but it's
also heavy and then your clothes are
covered in it yeah so your clothes
become really heavy and so nobody can
save you because if they get close
they're gonna fall in yes yeah if they
you know if you're gonna drag them down
man it's hard to swim with somebody you
know that as well as anybody you save
somebody yeah I was in Costa Rica and we
were down at this this water it was the
biggest waterfall I've ever seen it was
like hundreds of feet high and it landed
in this lagoon this round lagoon and the
water they told you don't go near the
water and so there's these Japanese
girls sitting on the edge they got their
feet in and then one of them like jumps
in and the water fucking sucks her down
immediately
and I'd ovalle I have a lifeguarding
degrade from when I was stoned in 16 and
so I dove into the water and I grabbed
her and luckily I was checking them out
because they were these beautiful
Japanese girls so I had my eyes on them
and so I dive in and I grabbed I grabbed
her and I pulled it to the surface I do
the cross arm carry and I pull our I
pull her out and you know what she did
what just turned turn to her friends
they all like consoled her nobody said
thank you
I fucking saved your life so anyway Wow
so there was these kids and every you
are Japanese lady how rude
how about a little Japanese Japanese I
think she was Japanese no no they were
Japanese Japanese yeah she probably
thought you were a lifeguard yeah I
thought that's what happened yeah and
then I and then I left and I'm with my
family and they didn't see it happen so
I was so fucking bum then we get to the
parking lot and there's this busload of
kids from some school and they had seen
the whole thing and they started
chanting hero to me oh my kids do you
fucking see what's happening right now
[Laughter]
that's that's gotta be a great feeling
even if they didn't say thank you yeah
you saved them like it's what I do it's
my job superhero you ever save anybody's
life no I don't think so not not
directly mmm-hmm maybe you did this
podcast probably directly I bet these
people that have been suicidal that
heard this in a cheer in the mob I bet
it ruined a few people too because
people say I changed their life okay if
I accept it on the positive then I have
to accept it on the negative - that's
right no no you did it you did the whole
thing yeah you might her I said some
shit that you you enjoyed I'm very happy
for that and I talked to some people
that brought you some great information
I'm very happy for that - we're all in
this together I'm not saving anybody
yeah you save yourself okay don't listen
to me yeah call a hotline yeah don't
listen to me don't take yoga don't even
do it
don't take go don't I don't fuck I'm
talking about
don't pick up archery what the fuck do
you want to do when I shoot arrows at
things game
eat carbs eat some fucking carbs don't
do jiu-jitsu you're gonna get hurt yeah
won't get hurt your 40 year old man we
trying to choke people for stop it don't
listen to me
yeah don't eat elk go get a burger we're
gonna an actual American hamburger don't
eat mushrooms get out he's gonna close
your mind off break your head they're
gonna break your head what if you go
crazy like that guy from Pink Floyd huh
what if you go crazy what if you never
come back what if you get anti-semitic
is it judo but the thing is what if you
do like for sure some people have smoke
too much pot and blowing a fucking
gasket yeah let's be honest right it has
to happen they say that actually they're
finding my wife just told me this
yesterday she read this article about
people with schizophrenia are getting
older and they're smoking pot more
because it's legal and they're finding
people are coming in with schizophrenic
episodes from smoking too much pot that
were schizophrenic already or became
schizophrenic from the pot not sure I
think when you especially when you get
too high it feels exactly like being
crazy yeah and I think when there's been
moments for sure that I smoke too much
pot and I freak the fuck out and when
that happens it almost always feels like
wow if I had a live life like this and
it's one of the things that I tried to
take any consideration when I think
about people having something wrong with
the way their brain processes
information or the way they talk is like
think about how you feel when you're on
like a 200 milligram edible and you're
like oh my god I just can't do this this
is just too much everything is anxiety
and the freakout and life and death and
all of your memories pouring back in
your head like a waterfall and you can't
call it in some circles they're spinning
like plates and all you want is for
attend please just gonna lie down here I
hear when you take a shower it helps you
get in the shower you're still freaked
out if that was your whole life so you
got to think what is what's your state
of consciousness versus another person's
you have to guess I don't I've never
been in your mind I don't know
your mind works have to guess that your
mind is some reasonable it's got
something like the way my mind works the
way you look at life and we talk about
so many things we agree on so many
things I got to think you're processing
is very similar to mine but there's got
to be people out there where it's chaos
where it's just like you with the 200
milligram edible you're just like fuck
all day is just like what who's who's
doing that yeah you know people do just
people watching me man from there's a
building near us and these people watch
me like and they can't escape can't
escape the can't escape they're trapped
in this this fucking constant snowball
effect of anxiety and chaos and and you
got to wonder like what how much of that
is brain chemistry how much of those
brain chemistry that's been adjusted by
nature and by life experience as an
abuse and all these different factors
that happen to people that make them you
know lose their grip all right yeah I
mean you see them on the street and you
just you know there's a woman that is
near my house she's at a bus stop and
she's been at this bus stop for three
years and I have never and I pass her
two or three times a day and I check I'm
kind of obsessed with checking on her
every time I Drive by and she's never
not been in that bus stop sitting down
she's either reading or just under a
blanket she's chained smokes I don't
know where she gets the cigarettes she's
got a cell phone don't know how she
charges it but I guess she goes to the
bathroom at the gas station maybe maybe
people give her money and she doesn't
beg doesn't engage just sits at this and
it's up because she's in front of a gas
station and a busy road it's it's a
worse spot to say pouring rain she's out
there cold winters she's out there it's
crazy
Wow does the bus stop have a cover yeah
but not not like a decides they're not
there oh so one driving rain it's you
know so she's just she's soaked yeah
and you see her talking to herself a
little bit and you just think Jesus
Christ and so I looked her up online I
researched her and it turns out she's
from Venice
she went to Venice high and she's got
she's got parents in the
and they know she's there they can't get
her to leave social workers come by and
they just realized she's happy there you
know we're not happy but she's safe
there something about that spot maybe
because it's like the busiest spot
around it makes her feel safe yeah
imagine that you could I know yeah as
your kid blows a gasket and you got to
let go at a certain point fuck you can't
make them take their medication after
the age of 18 and for some reason a lot
of schizophrenics don't like taking
their medication because the way it
makes them feel goddammit
yeah what are the other options well I
think lithium is the main drug and then
there's a couple other ones that work is
there any behavioral therapy or physical
therapies oh yeah definitely
yeah I think it's about replacing
thoughts it's cognitive behavioral
therapy they have to when they start
thinking something they have to replace
it with another thought and they have to
train in that until they can stop the
voices but but I think it's mostly
medication yeah it's I think we have an
aversion to treating the brain to say
when we treat other things that get
broken yeah like you know if you you
have something wrong with your liver
they go oh you've got liver disease well
we're gonna give you medication for the
liver there's something wrong with your
brain like you sure you sure the son has
a brain no what's wrong right like your
brains really not producing enough
chemicals is that it or is it just the
way you look at things no they look at
it as a weakness yeah this is a weakness
yeah that's a weird thing it's a weird
thing because sometimes it is sometimes
people are weak mm-hmm but sometimes
that's not it
sometimes there's something wrong yeah
and so if you're a person who's got
something wrong and people are telling
you just weak no no this is fucked up
like this is this this is a terrible
feeling and this is every day for me all
day yeah there's just something wrong
going on in there like it has to be that
there's variables to the way your brain
works just why like there's variables to
the way your eyes function or any other
part of your body there's very just it's
not equal everybody doesn't get the same
dose right I mean depression is
something that it's funny because I
think I've asked you and you don't have
depression and my my my buddy Mike
Gibbons he's my best friend
and we connect like you and me on
everything but I have so much fucking
depression that I I deal with it every
day you know you know and I can't I have
to meditate I gotta exercise i i'm you
know medicate everything do you um what
well while you're injured right now you
can't work out right right indy does
that affect you when you think I'll help
you yeah I've been in a rut not
exercising when you do exercise a lot
does it alleviate your symptoms and you
feel very much really yeah yeah I'm
doing this thing now I think you Neal
Brennan recommended it and the magnet
thing yeah DMS dren transcranial
magnetic stimulation yeah so it was
amazing I've done it for ten weeks every
single day really yeah I just did it
this morning do you do it to yourself no
you go in first you get an MRI and they
map out your brain right and the whole
theory behind it is that they can use
magnetic stimulation to sort of like
waken up one of the lobes in your brain
that's associated with depression mm-hmm
and so you go in and first they map out
your brain and then you go in and for
like a half hour they just pulse this
magnetic thing onto your head it's like
a very low-grade MRI almost and I've had
amazing results and it lasts forever you
know you go through this cycle of it and
then he's Neil said the same experience
that's crazy yeah highly right that's it
forever yeah well they say some people
have to come in and you know get a get a
tune-up but generally it's at one time
um there's a woman named cat Zingano
she's one of the UFC's top bantamweight
and she fought UFC champion Amanda Nunez
back in the day and actually beat her
before she won the title but in that
fight she got hurt real bad
and she talked about it on the podcast
that she developed a bunch of brain
issues after that fight because like her
cortisol levels were all fucked up
they're all fucked up she developed
thyroid problem she got hit in the head
so hard she
yeah she couldn't keep weight off trying
to figure out what the fuck is wrong
with her and one of the things that
helped her the best she talked about it
really openly and in depth on the
podcast but one things that helped her
the best was they have this I think it's
a different kind of magnetic therapy
than this one because I think this is
only don't the center only exists around
San Diego mm-hm and a lot of military
guys come back and use it
football players people with head
injuries and someone recommended it to
her and it helped her tremendous yeah
really brought it back yeah there's some
real breakthroughs going on because you
know people are and they you know they
still use like electric shock therapy
yeah and it you know with pretty good
results but a lot of side effects did
you get hit in the head a lot when you
were kid sometimes but was there any
like moments which get knocked no I
don't think I ever got knocked out did
you ever get hit with a bat I played
hockey so I used to check people a lot
down to get really hurt doing that no
I'd never that my neck my neck is still
fucked up to this day from a from a
check a head check that I made but no I
don't think I ever had any concussions
my friend mark no mine right sorry my
mine runs in the family my mom is got it
it's it's it's very genetic depression
oh I'm sure it is but I think it's
accentuated by trauma yeah and that's
why I was asking you cuz even though you
probably I mean I know you played a lot
of hockey you know you probably don't
think about it like every time you
collide and even falling down slamming
into the that's right yeah there's a lot
of that all that stuff rattles your
brain yeah believe it or not people get
concussions from getting hit in the
chest sometimes really yeah here's cat
Zingano it says EEG and vitals for my
RMDs treats fda-approved to treat
migraines depression improves anxiety
PTSD TBI sleep ADHD except etc now
accepting insurance and TRICARE mindset
Rancho Bernardo check them out and this
is you could find this on cat Zingano
Twitter page she's got a picture of her
with this apparatus on her head but I
know it helped her yeah I've heard of
EEG it's it's really effective it helped
her a lot yeah it uh you know she could
talk about what sparring was like before
and afterwards she her coordination was
off she was
that's one of the things that happens to
people when they get brain damage if
they get knocked out or you know bad
concussions is your your systems not
firing correctly so you'll see their
bodies not moving right so it almost
resets resets to hard you're damaged
yes damaged right you know the signals
aren't getting to the muscles correctly
like you see one of the things that you
see in older boxers when they've taken
too many horrible fights and they're
really starting to lose it is their
steps look shorter their legs they look
closer together they have a heart
they're having a harder time moving they
don't have the confidence to have the
balance I move around and they're there
their systems short-circuiting yeah you
know and you're seeing it in their
coordination it's a weird thing to see
to I've seen it in fighters where I
remember them in their prime and then I
see them now I'm like whoa there's two
possibilities it could be an injury they
could be dealing with an injury but if
you find out there's no injury you're
like oh this is not good no just look at
Ben Roethlisberger out there and the
pocket when he tries to run it's like
little steps you know movement of the
shoulders and that guy used to be fast
back there but he's gotten hit a lot
there's no getting away from it man yeah
yeah have you had you ever been knocked
out yeah yeah not unconscious I got
stopped in a kickboxing match I got hit
with a big left hook boom my legs went
out from under me was crazy what didn't
even hurt it was like it like because
you're full of adrenaline so you don't
feel it in terms of like ouchie
it's not like out she hurt right it's
like it wasn't like a painful thing it
was like Bing and then my legs just
stopped working like whoa what the fuck
that was the hardest I ever been hit
because was just on the button it was it
perfect
Isaac doing I should as I was exhausted
already this is my third fight of the
day in a kickboxing tournament and just
cranked and my legs just went whoopsies
I'm pretty lucky with all the fighting
you did that you never got knocked out
super lucky but I definitely got hit in
the head a bunch you know I didn't get
knocked out there's a lot of sparring
there's a lot of getting punched in the
face there was a lot of getting kicked
in the head
less kicked in the head believe it or
not cuz I was terrified I was always
moving fast
you wear helmets no we wear these things
the first tournaments we used to wear
these things on the back of the head and
that was so when you get knocked out
your fucking head doesn't bounce too
hard off the ground I'm not bullshit I
pick one spot there's a video of me
fighting with one of those long it's a
video of me on YouTube that's I've got
this spot in the back of my head it
looks like like a bald spot like I would
have if I had hair now but it's like a
yarmulke yeah like a it's a red plastic
thing it's hard to tell because it's a
shitty video but that red plastic thing
was basically like a spongy thing that
these to use in Taekwondo terms because
we it was first it was no padding and
then eventually they made people start
wearing these helmets and they basically
these cushiony helmets that go over the
top of the head and you got to strap
them out underneath see how that guy's
wearing it the white guy to see the guys
in the background or the right side
that's wearing the white thing that's a
standard one what I'm wearing just a pat
on the back of my head right do that
there's like a red thing in the back of
my head that's in case I got Kayode
because I'm we're fighting on a fucking
this is a basketball court this is a
wood floor that we need protection that
was me knocking that guy out that was me
this is me when I'm 19 so these this was
where we fought all the time we always
fought on hardwood floors one time I
fuck crazy way crazier from this ready
for this the Bay State Games I find the
Bay State games we fought on a tarp that
was laid out over a cement floor yeah
and I knocked a guy out in his head
bounced off the cement oh my god I
kicked this dude in the head and his
head bounced off something I'll never
forget that sound yeah so I was 19 I
didn't know what the fuck to do this is
where the tournament was is okay is okay
we're gonna do this yeah we're gonna
fight here like that was today I was
like are you guys out of your fucking
mind I would I would be screaming if I
went with my kid and he was supposed to
fight in a tournament and I got there
and there was a thin plastic tarp
stretched out over a smooth concrete
floor like what the fuck are you talking
about are you crazy yeah but you need
pads you need people to make sure they
don't go out of Bounce just tarp lay
down over concrete Wow it was so so
dangerous so I definitely got my noggin
rattled yeah a gang at times yeah I
don't know how many times I used to do
gymnastics for like six years certain
when I was like six backflip
oh yeah I could do I used to double
backs no well I did I I trained for like
six years our way how do I know this
yeah so I used to do yeah I could do
roundoff back handspring into a double
back you still do that I can I haven't
tried a single back in a while but I
could do so I could do standing
backflips until a few years ago Wow yeah
yeah no shit right do that so I so I
always wanted to learn how to do that I
did I over-rotated a flip one time and I
fucking slam my head in the mats back
then when you see floor exercise today
it's not even the same sport it's all
springboard right with like two inches
of padding when we did it it was those
fucking rubber you know half inch thick
mats that you roll out and the corners
come popping up that's what we used to
do it yeah yeah so you were fucking
twisting your ankle all the time landing
on that shit how bad you fuck your head
up when you landed it was bad my
injuries were my ankles that I used to
fuck up my and then you know you can't
then you can't do anything for a little
while so the reason why I keep asking
about head trauma is because my friend
Mark Gordon he's an expert in traumatic
brain injury he's an endocrinologist and
he studies a lot of soldiers and he's
written a bunch of papers on soldiers
former football players fighters he's
worked with a bunch of people that have
had brain injuries and his conclusion
like and a lot of them that were
suicidal a lot of them they were
severely depressed and his conclusion is
that for a lot of them what happened was
damage to the pituitary gland that
stopped them from producing hormones
correctly huh and it leads to severe
lack of energy depression and it's
almost always correlated with head
trauma and oftentimes head trauma that
people forgot about they didn't think
it's that big of a deal yeah but it
could be literally wiping out on a jet
ski hmm
slamming into the water yeah and then
you're fucked up for years right and you
don't know why skiing for sure falling
down hitting your head snowboarding is
really common yeah I've never
snowboarded but apparently when the the
board kicks up you feet go up in there
and the fucking head comes down yeah
that's how people get got well and you
got to wear a helmet
yeah and a lot of kids don't yeah I've
heard of kids getting fucked up oh yeah
but so all those things contribute to
the foot that your brain is super
delicate you know it's really
complicated machinery it's like when you
drop your iphone maybe you drop it once
mm-hmm how many times you drop your
iPhone dropped it three times today hey
hey hey put a fucking case on that thing
yeah these drop tests right they do drop
tests where they drop it over concrete
and see how good it is your head is
similar yeah in that you you can get
away with getting whacked in the head
but I was in Hawaii recently and I
dropped my phone the last time too you
know that you drop your phone you know
it's getting a little wonky and then you
drop it the last time and it's just gone
yeah it's gone ville
it was just calling people I would I was
really yeah I was showing so when I was
had the phone open and I was like watch
watch it's on the context look it's just
gonna start calling people I just
started calling people and that hang up
and they would just call somebody else
hang up and who'd just call spiels it
was just falling apart it wouldn't let
me log in anymore like it wasn't it
wasn't sensing my fingers hitting the
screen to put in the key code where's
your shit all backed up yeah yeah yeah
it was all backed up but it was like
goddamn yeah yep yeah I just matched my
screen I didn't I didn't give a fuck
your heads like that that's my point
yeah their heads like that look if I
didn't get that one last drop maybe the
phone would be all right yeah they would
have kept that phone today yeah you know
maybe able to look through the new
phones we don't need that it's basically
with the same phone all right
no rock smack I'm reading this book now
about speaking of changing your brain
it's called how to change your mind
so guys Michael Pollan yeah yeah he's
been on the podcast talking about oh no
shit yeah it's great did he talk about
his new book about the it's it's
basically about psychedelics and LSD and
mushrooms in particular trace of the
whole fucking history of it yeah I had
no idea how much research was done back
in the 50s and 60s oh yeah I mean they
had conclusive studies that were showing
with alcoholism people were 70% of
people that underwent these treatments
with psychedelics
got sober you know depression cigarettes
cigarettes no I mean it's amazing and
all that shit just got fucking thrown
away yeah corrupt people kept that
information away from folks the studies
that Nixon funded like Nixon funded a
bunch of studies that showed positive
benefits of marijuana how is that right
and they you know the Nixon
administration just fucking can I get
out of here with this shit yeah well the
other thing he mentions is that it got
squashed by by shrinks because they had
a vested interest in people not going
into the woods for a weekend and coming
back without their depression so yes the
thing so they disqualified all the
studies oh fuck yeah the psychiatrists
were like horrified that there was these
kind of results were coming back do you
was it that for sure or was it people
who have never taken psychedelics
horrified that people are out there
experimenting with their consciousness
because I think a lot of these
psychiatrists are probably really
straight-laced guys and so in their mind
especially in the you know shadows of
reefer madness and all the propaganda
they had heard in the 30s and 40s and
when you look at those people and
they're out there in the fucking desert
or wherever they're going dancing around
taking mushrooms under the moonlight
like they're blowing their brains out
here you got to stop this right there
straight laced people have never done
psychedelics they might not be in
cahoots it might more likely be a bunch
of people to think it's a fucking
terrible idea to let people run around
take an acid well there was just some of
the medical journals came out with with
pieces saying that none of these studies
are valid because there wasn't I forget
what it is about studies that have to be
consistent but the other thing is it was
political and you had Timothy Leary who
was you know the worst thing to happen
to this kind of testing because he was
saying was it drop drop out and turn on
drop drop out and that whole idea they
said you know with people taking LSD
you're not gonna fight your wars and so
that became a threat to the status quo
Wow and that's when the laws started to
come out huh it's interesting because he
also got a lot of people to get excited
about it right yeah but he got he took
it
away from it being a medical process and
he made it about you know enlightenment
but in a kind of fluffy spiritual way
well he made it a big movement right I
think he thought that he was probably
going to change the world with that
movement yeah and kind of did definitely
had a big impact you know all those
people that took acid like think about
if you really stop and think about Apple
and you really look at the fact that
Apple Steve Jobs said that taking acid
was like one of the greatest things
that's ever happened yeah that was his
famously talked about it and who knows
what it wouldn't impact that had on him
deciding to start Apple and what would
an impact Apple has had in the
technology world
oh no Pollan talks about it in the book
he draws a straight line from people
starting to take all this stuff because
it was happening in Silicon Valley yeah
this whole psychedelic movement was like
right in that area yeah and he says that
it you know Bill Bill Gates apparently
took it once but then all those guys
were coming in and they were you know
there were these people that would lead
there was a guy named no Hubbard well
Ram Dass is mentioned also yeah but
there was guy named Hubbard who was
really like you know a corporate version
of LSD he was going to companies and he
was taking the CEOs of companies and
taking them in for these three-day drop
acid experiences Wow corporate acid well
they're kind of doing that at Burning
Man oh is that right some corporations
go to me not a lot but there's some cool
companies he'd go to Burning Man yeah
you know what's this Alfred Mathieu
Hubbard he's an early proponent of the
drug LSD during the 1950's he is reputed
to be the Johnny Appleseed of LSD and
the first person to emphasize led LSD
'he's potential as a visionary or
transcendental drug but this guy had a
fucking life somebody's got to do a
movie about his life he was like working
for the government he was a double agent
he would
while he was dropping acid he was he he
started with nothing no I think before
before during and after he had like
eight different careers and he was like
a spy and he bought it he started with
nothing and ended up with like a bunch
of airplanes that he was leasing out
became a millionaire and then spent it
all trying to educate people on LSD he
was worth like tens of millions of
dollars and he ended up broke at the end
Wow
yeah Wow offered the LSD he believed in
it so strongly that said it was gonna
change the world and it would have it
may still now there's now it's coming
back well there was a little hiccup or
several generations how to pass before
people started understanding that
there's there's there's a risk to
everything there's a risk to sports
there's a risk to every fucking thing
you do driving your cars at risk there's
a risk with psychedelics but there's
also a reward and I think if you're
going to be honest you have to look at
both of them you have to look at the
potential risk you have to look at the
reward and they're not looking at the
reward to try there's too many people
out there that are trying to deny the
reward and you got to find out why and
in this day and age it might be a
conspiracy it might be some
pharmaceutical industry that doesn't
want it to be legal because it would
undermine their profits it might be it
might be some law-enforcement unions
that think it's a bad idea to make less
things illegal it'll take you know
prisons yeah it'll take people away you
know in terms of the amount of people
that they need for the job it'll you
know which I think is that's another
story but when you you know what people
look at that kind of stuff and you look
at like the the underlying sort of
patterns that we follow in this country
you know the patterns that we like are
you happy or not happy with the way
things go
the way things are run in what sense
just in any sense in all of it I trust
that we do have the best system out
there and we challenge it every day and
I
they'll think that we live in a place
where the tenants of our society are in
place for sure they switch one way or
the other but I still believe in
democracy and I think the Internet has
an overall thing has been positive for
people getting their voices out and for
for information period yeah being
distributed but the I the idea that
we're faced with that in this day and
age there's grown adults telling other
grown adults what they can and can't put
in their body yeah and they're not being
honest about the benefits right that's
where it gets really that's where the
whole thing falls apart like you're just
a guy like if you and I are the only two
people on the planet and you like a man
I'm not gonna let you take that acid
like why well because it's illegal look
I wrote it down can take the acid right
that would be preposterous yeah but
somehow or another it works when there's
a million people then a person can tell
you know you're if you're a fucking
grown adult you can't tell me what I can
take that's stupid
yeah if you can't prove beyond a shadow
of a doubt that what I'm gonna take is
gonna fuck with you if you can't prove
that then stop yeah look if someone does
something if takes something and does
some they take PCP and they've run
face-first through a fucking 7-eleven
window that's on them it's on their
actions
it doesn't mean you shouldn't be able to
try PCP and I don't think you should try
PCP I think one enough enough people
smash through windows and go crazy go
hey maybe that's a drug I should fucking
avoid but that's how you find out about
that yeah
you let grown adults make their own
decisions and if you're the one who's
making the decisions for all the grown
adults you better have some real fucking
logic to what you're saying
they don't and this is the same society
that allows the pharmaceuticals to
peddle opiates to people for the last 30
years saying that it was the greatest
thing you could do exactly I think it's
good that they make money because they
make medicine that helps a lot of people
they're not all bad I think in general
pharmaceuticals have helped people in
tremendous ways but you can't deny that
if there's some way shape or form that
people are influencing other people
having access to beneficial things
because it would impact their profit
long
that's that's evil yeah that's evil you
have a lot of fucking money if you're
really going out of your way to hire
lobbyists to make sure that mushrooms
don't get on the table come on man yeah
you're you are you're a fucking real
problem that's a real problem you look
at yin and yang this is this is the
opposing forces they were battling to
try to get total complete freedom of
your consciousness mmm these are the
opposing forces their ignorance like
these psychiatrists I guarantee these
psychiatrists were worried about
correlations between psychotic episodes
and psychedelic drug use and they're
worried about people falling apart and
they're right they're right this other
ones that wanted to get it illegal
they're right it's like working on back
flips when there's a fucking thin pad
under you
yeah you could fall on your head yeah
you're right we say don't do gymnastics
people follow in their head one out of
ten falls on their head you're not doing
Djimon you're not falling on your
fucking head all right right it's the
same thing it's the same thing yeah
so people worried about it that don't
really have experience in it I guarantee
you most of those psychiatrists just
didn't have experience in it or were
super cautious folks you know if they
did have experienced with it maybe
they'd try a little mushroom dose and
they'd be like wow this is amazing
it's right and also controlling you know
a set and setting they keep talking
about you know and realizing that the
the you know occurrence of a psychotic
episode is so much lower when it's you
know when you're when it's being
dispensed the right way yeah so much
lower you ever been led through it by
somebody when you did ayahuasca was
there like in Moscow just DMT um
Aubry my friend Aubrey acted as a like
he kinda like set the setting in a way
where it was you know I would I would
say like spiritual like not not redic
not over-the-top but just announcing
your intentions mm-hmm that we're going
into this we're going in this we're
gonna let go I'm gonna you know give
thanks to all all the spirits around us
and all the energy around us
just go into this with a good intention
give be grateful be go into it with
gratitude and then the way it hits you
it hits you like like a infinite cyclone
of geometric patterns in impossible
colors just blasting in your brain
instantaneously in your like like going
into it with the intention of letting go
it's probably one of the best pieces of
advice you could give people to avoid a
freakout right go with it let it go just
let yourself go and it's what's trying
to do is your ego is trying to wrestle
with this grizzly bear this enormous
short-faced bear on steroids it's trying
to your ego is trying to wrestle with is
impossible to resist force mm-hmm and
that's what leads to a lot of people
freaking out so ego losing your ego is
the ultimate goal of it I don't think
anybody ever really loses there you go I
think you you keep it in check you lose
some of it you keep some of it because
that's it's part of your survival
mechanism the real problem is like
having a healthy ego you know like like
if your wife looks good she's looking at
herself in the mirror she's like I look
you know you look fucking great I do
look good like she feels good feels get
ready that's ego right you want to know
you look good
but it's not a bad ego it's fun you know
I'm saying yeah the real problem is when
it gets out of control and toxic then it
okay yeah other people see you they're
like ooh you know you see gross just
gross behavior gross selfishness you see
that and you go oh that's the bad part
of the ego that's what I'm saying yeah
but the key is to know which is which
and that's hard it's hard to know which
is which which one is the overwhelming
force inside your mind which one is the
one that's controlling your
consciousness and your behavior and
which is is it the good one the bad one
is it the fun healthy one or is it the
one that is you know
completely obsessed with yourself and
only yourself yeah you don't know until
you have these experiences and then the
the the nature of them gets exposed it
like takes him down to the roots and you
start thinking about well where did all
this come from
like where's where's all what's the
source of all this like oh there's a
validation issue there's a this issue
there's a trust issue there's a you know
whatever the fuck it is it's swirling
out of that in this unnatural form to
create the negative behavior that you
are manifesting in your life mm-hmm like
it all of it comes from something and
one of the things about psychedelic
experiences is it shut it like it shuts
the ego off for a second and lets you
stand outside of and go look what the
things doing yeah mm-hmm look at this
things things crops not only that it
doesn't work you know here's here's a
perfect example ego that doesn't work
name-dropping
like if you're hanging out with some
weddings again you know Sean Penn was
over my house last night man
very fucking like now you know what
Jeremy Piven was just telling me about
that last week name-dropping but like it
doesn't really work yeah everybody knows
your name drop in yeah yeah when I'm
Steven Spielberg and I are pretty tight
you like yeah but it's one thing like if
you told me you went over Sean Penn's
house I'd be like oh what's he like like
then it wouldn't be name-dropping mm-hmm
like if you did it wouldn't be
name-dropping like if you told me like I
was hanging out with Sean with Sean Penn
I don't know weird well cuz it's the
beginning of a story yeah I'm not just
gonna let that let that hang there's a
follow-up yeah that's not your whole
thing yeah right so like comedy is like
name-dropping
with stories yeah good stories that go
with it but you know there are comedians
that are really like guileless about
just bringing a name in or bringing up a
project they worked on and you look back
at the joke and you go could have told
that joke without telling me that Frank
Sinatra was in the audience that night
yes exactly yeah and I remember Anthony
Clark used to do that when he was coming
up in Boston he was the guy he was the
guy the young hot guy in Boston dude
and I mean that dude you put his name on
a marquee and he was fucking one year
out of college and he was this cute guy
with a southern accent and the Mesa bond
and he was silly and he would fill up a
fucking room and he would just and then
he started to get some success and it
always found his way in his act he would
talk about yeah you know I was talking
to this actor when I was doing Chicago
on Broadway and no not Chicago what
would he do Oklahoma he did Oklahoma on
Broadway when he was like 24 years old
and you know and then he just started
and he got in with that with River
Phoenix and he did like three River
Phoenix movies and he was fuckin good
and then somehow he got into the TV
route and didn't follow the film rip but
he's he's a good actor yeah I remember
he had Boston Common remember that in
common and that didn't go it went for a
little while but I got cancelled and
there was a show that was all his right
and then he went to do yes dear he did
yes dear for a long time no then he did
one with Dan Aykroyd oh he did where dan
Aykroyd was a priest and maybe they were
both priests really yeah really that
might have been f.cuz because uh yes
dear was on good seven eight years
easily forever yeah yeah soul man
soul man soul man huh so that dude and
his his quote per episode was very high
from the get-go and he just kept buying
real estate well that's that's what he
doesn't know right I haven't you haven't
talked to him in a while I think I heard
he sells real estate now yeah I was like
Anthony he was a murderer in Boston I
used to see him at Faneuil Hall he would
fill that fucking place yeah you know
the comedy connection when they move
when bloom and ride took over and they
moved to the big room yeah and they
moved out of that little tiny room and
put it in Fanueil Hall
I remember walking through there one day
and Anthony Clark was murdering and I
was like this is 90% women this is so
weird
yeah oh is that right I saw women yeah
today I'll come and see him guys loved
him too don't get me wrong but women
really loved him he thought he was so
cute you know
well they say that's the
secret to being a draw is appeal to
women because they're the ones that
decide what to do at night yes yeah
right like there's not a whole lot of
chicks begging to go to Slayer right and
if they are take them that's it that's a
good one yeah they want to go see
someone cute I bet there's like probably
a disproportionate number of chicks
gonna see Aquaman how about if you know
yeah if you looked if you looked at the
number of women that want to go see a
superhero movie and the number of women
that want to go see Aquaman yeah it's up
off the charger and Aquaman's favorite
someone should just study that's a
handsome man
well he's his name Jason Momoa he was
badass at Game of Thrones he's a beast -
yeah super nice guy - I met a guy in the
whole foods
he needs sweetheart sort of telling yo
sweetheart he is like you're so handsome
it's confusing so tall and beautiful I'm
feeling weird feelings right yeah we did
that guy yeah yeah my wife said it best
she said he's everybody's type she's
like you know some girls Brad Pitt's
their type you know some girls it's a
you know fill in the blank yeah look at
that
yeah he's everybody's type and he's a
giant and he's got awesome tattoos he's
a fucking nice guy fucking fuck are
those his real tattoos I don't believe
so I think that's just for Aquaman
that's his tattoos for Aquaman what are
his real tattoos he's got a gang of real
tattoos the forearm ones I think is his
real tattoos yeah boy that takes some
time and makeup because if he's doing a
role where they don't want that that's a
lot of time covering that shit up every
day I don't think they have to cover up
shit with him yeah
let that beautiful face get on-screen
all those damn panties do the talkin see
you again tomorrow man whoa yeah girls
are going to that movie it's like a
horse it's like a porn theater in Times
Square in the 70s for women's probably
flipping their hands
moisture in the air adding yourself off
all these little heaters you're walking
across heaters your feet are stuck on
the floor you think it's the popcorn
butter nope nope nope yeah how do we get
on subject to him
Aquaman grows any Clark
oh yeah girls deciding what the right
yeah girls would be they'd be like yeah
let's go see Aquaman wait a minute oh
you hate superhero movies whatever you
want to go yeah shit so what's the stare
at Jason Momoa right he is pretty
beautiful you watch them on screen damn
it
yeah shit can't hate her you think some
women watch MMA for that reason I think
so does it cute yeah fuck yeah not only
cute but savages right I mean the number
of women with sketchy childhoods that
are attracted to MMA fighters came off
the charts yeah I want to say that in a
very polite way as polite as I could say
I think even regular women I think like
lawyers like button-down women yeah see
uh cuz they're around neutered men all
day yeah you around a guy like you know
Luke Rockhold is now might be better
looking the Jays mama and he's a it was
UFC uh he was middleweight champion
beautiful yeah six foot three six foot
four somewhere in that range features
looks like a model huh handsome as fuck
god I want to see them oh yeah ass
kicker that's not the best picture and
the bro that's kind of gets that's after
a fight yeah see him before it's a beast
but point is there's guarantee go that
one above with the blue shorts on what
you see is that handsome bastard look at
him yeah he's got a good build that's
the kind of build my wife likes she
doesn't like it to big bikes like me and
him slow down you and him are the same
fuck I sure girls are watching that guy
though like okay here's another one
George st. Pierre
hundred percent look at that beautiful
body oh yeah George st. Pierre is
beautiful George st. Pierre literally
has to beat women away from ya get away
from me I'm busy I am busy
go to
there were he's thrown a punch the one
right there look at that I mean you know
girls would be begging to have that
inside of them beyond I was a woman if I
was a heterosexual woman and I saw that
guy and he was like would you like a
drink I'd be like fuck yes I'd like a
drink yeah
god damn you Savage let's do this yeah I
want a drink can we have it after you
fuck me yeah I don't wanna get too drunk
I want to feel it still whoa yeah and it
goes right there are some of the players
some of the fighters oh I don't want to
talk about that dare you kiss and tell
but it's one other thing is interesting
is female fighters right that I was
reading a story about a husband who's
white who's a trainer I think and his
wife was a boxer and I was reading the
story about him like his experience like
bringing her to the ring like getting
her his wife is in there she's gonna
knuckle up with some other chicken shit
and maybe get really fucking hurt yeah
and to be there while this is all
happening that's a wild that's a wild
life female fighter is a wild creature
you gotta think a male fighter it's like
almost all boys somewhere in the back of
their head have this ridiculous fantasy
of being able to fuck everybody up yeah
come on bitch you know fight a bunch of
people like a goddamn Chuck Norris movie
and rowdy cake people that would be cool
it's just the reality of learning how to
do that's like I don't want to do that
is too much it's too dangerous to scare
fuck this and most people don't do it
but for women to have that it's probably
way more rare to have this desire to see
really fuck people up probably way more
rare maybe like let's be generous and
say 20 percent of the the number that
men would want to fuck people maybe 20
percent of that is like the number that
would be women
so then how many of them go through with
it yeah how many of them go through with
it and get to be like a cat Zingano
or get to be like an Amanda Nunez like
Jesus Christ that numbers so small yeah
so small in terms of like general
population mm-hmm those are some wild
humans yeah if they get to that stage
where they're fighting in a fucking cage
for a living
whoa yeah someone like Holly home like
that is a crazy way to make a living
yeah yeah now you got to think if they
make it that far they're even more
vicious than men because they've they've
you know there's such a social taboo for
them yeah for men it's like oh that's
badass you're an MMA fighter but for
women everybody just thinks it's weird
and they think there's something wrong
with you well it's become more
acceptable but it's still terrifying
especially for men that don't train like
to it for a man who doesn't train and
he's like around miesha tate she's
really hot and she'd also fuck people
they get weirded out like imagine that
girl could fuck you up like she's hot
and she could fuck you up
mm-hmm that's not nice huh some guys
probably love that people like that
bondage with her tied up and right
overpowered but one of the odds that a
girl who knows how to fuck people up is
looking for that kind of guy all right
almost zero yeah that's true those girls
Luke Rockhold looking to get stuffed by
another alpha that would be a good porn
movie right there we should do is bank
it like Luke Rockhold shoe a lot of porn
and bank it and then have it release
after he's retired from his career yeah
you know cuz right now is just gonna get
in the way yeah it's gonna be a
distraction right but he knows that's
this 401k my porn you know yeah it's a
the numbers of women that become elite
fighters I wonder what it is in terms of
like the amount that try it and then the
amount that become fully successful I
bet it's a tiny tiny percentage yeah I
like to get all the way through like how
many like how many men when you when you
were growing up how many guys either
wanted to learn how to box or wrestle or
do some kind of marks a lot of wrestlers
yeah yeah it was a school sport there
was Taekwondo and there was wrestling
those were pretty much the only forms
that I that I saw we didn't have boxing
in my town but a lot of kids
you knew we're into it right oh yeah
yeah how many girls
I can't think of any super-rare but the
martial arts classes did have a lot of
girls it's kind of interesting it's a
good number it wasn't half but it might
have been 20% yeah it might be 20% women
that were in those classes because they
wanted to learn self-defense you know I
put my daughter in Taekwondo just she
wasn't that into it but I go just do a
year just to give you some sense of
facing somebody if the fight happens
yeah in some sense of what it's like to
struggle with someone physically then
you gotta move with them you know and
the older you are we start learning that
the more difficult it is to incorporate
it into your the way you think about
things right like when you're young if
you have some experience with martial
arts you'll be more calm and confident
if something happens when you get older
right
you're already your body's you develop
knowing how to move that way yeah when
you're already like kind of set in your
ways and you're injured and you're old
then someone wants to teach you a wheel
kick like oh Christ yeah like there's no
way my body's gonna do that right my
body doesn't move like that yeah it's
like you being able to do back flips
look you could still do a back loop your
body learned how to do that when you
were young yep
it gets in there that programs in there
and there's a there's a moment of faith
when you do a back flip where when you
go up you have to go up before you go
back and that's the first mistake and
the constant mistake is people people go
to do a back flip and they lunge
backwards and they land in their head
but you really have to trust that you
have to shoot your hands up
not back and then you pull it in no over
damn scary and that's like that with I'm
sure with martial arts is this moves
that are there's a moment of faith when
I don't train for a long time then I try
to do a turning sidekick on the heavy
bag
there's a good moment like okay I'm
gonna hit this thing right this big-ass
knife shit that's not good to have
around right there what am i 12 keep
this big giant knife on the table yeah
when I when I do it today to this day I
have to do it slow a couple times and
get the feel of it yeah I haven't
trained in a while and then then then it
become
a normal thing all right man it's hell
on your fucking knees I got a new knee
thing going on like there's the third
time of how to get stem cells inject it
into this meniscus tear so really
there's this little tiny meniscus tear
and it develops in to assist the the
tear we've hit it with stem cells a few
times and it doesn't give me any pain
anymore but a cyst keeps developing in
that area and the cyst has to get
punctured and drained and it's getting
smaller and smaller it happened three
different times where I had to get it
drained and the last time was a few days
ago and it was the smallest it's ever
been but still fucking annoying but
you're still running yep doesn't hurt
when you run I'm taking time off right
now I'm taking a little bit of time off
right now I'm gonna take a couple of
weeks off and I'm gonna run at a slower
pace just get the dog some exercise and
I'm gonna be more just more cautious
about it not gonna push myself I'm
trying to figure out what it is I'm
doing that's causing this cyst to recur
I think it's just overall pounding the
the hill running kicking the bag and all
that shit yeah I need to let it fully
set in before I go back to doing that
shit so I'm just doing a bunch of other
different stuff now a lot of yoga the
cryogenics help um it'll help someone
you know what would cryogenics is really
good for is first of all it's really
good for your mood if you've never done
it before the best kind of the Conway
you're you get your whole body in there
not just your neck down the neck down is
okay it's definitely better than nothing
but the real feeling is when your head's
under and your whole body is like
immersed in this air that's cooled by
liquid nitrogen it's fucking freezing
dude yeah you've done it no I wanna do
it let's do it today yeah I'll do it
we'll do it today okay we're gonna do it
- you're gonna love it it's a freak out
man it's a freak out how long do you
stay in 40 minutes and then I stay out
for ten minutes and I do another three
minutes yeah you feel amazing afterwards
it'll fix my knee
well it won't fix it it'll reduce
inflammation no but norepinephrine
that's what it's called right is that
the word sure
that stuff gets radically boosted in
your brain it helps a lot of people with
arthritis a lot of people who have a lot
of inflammation it helps them said I say
it I said it right it ramps that shit up
you feel so good when you get out of a
leg whew it lasts a while - yeah we're
just freezing to death you were freezing
to death you were on your way to death
and you step out of any like wow it's
just everything just feels whoa really
yeah it feels good man it feels good
yeah
I saw I fucking loved swimming in cold
water it's amazing for you yeah the way
you feel when you get out - but here's
the thing
it's not the best thing to do if you're
trying to gain muscle weight you have to
wait a while after the exercise like
there's apparently there's there's a
bunch of different studies and I know
Andy Calvin's been involved in a bunch
of these studies and Rhonda Patrick has
discussed some of this research as well
but what happens is there's a window of
time after you lift weights we should
just leave your body alone and not ice
anything and that this is more
beneficial to gaining strength and and
explosiveness and mass and stuff like
that but that after a window of time
then it's beneficial to get into the
fruit the ice bath or to do cryo or
something like that you want to give
yourself your body a period of time to
physiologically adjust to the work like
your body knows what's happened but Oh
Greg did deadlifts today okay okay okay
we got all get everything in place get
it but if you freeze it right there then
it has an effect on the over and I might
be butchering this but I think it has
effect and the overall amount of gains
that you can make okay your body's not
sending the chemicals to the muscle the
way it would right see if you could find
out that's true
that's a figure out how to Google that
one how do you do with that one yeah
post-workout cryotherapy and hypertrophy
because that's what their that's what
they're trying to they're trying to
figure out whether or not it's
beneficial or not in that case
so they think that it's really good for
the mood and it's really good for people
with joint issues a lot of folks that
that go there they have like back
surgery or back issues and it gives them
a lot of relief and you can do it every
day too because it's only three minutes
the thing about something like that is
it's not it's not like any other kind of
therapy like you can't do it any longer
it's not like you're being a pussy
because you're only doing it for three
minutes
mhm bitch you can't even do three
minutes yeah I bet the first time you go
in there are two minutes like fuck this
yeah yeah at two minutes you probably
ready to bail but then your body will
get used to it then you can do three
minutes but it's it's very controversial
spread especially because a woman died
there was really I guess yeah a woman in
Vegas was operating it herself
and apparently she was not in the right
height and the liquid nitrogen was
getting into her lungs she was breathing
it in and she passed out and she passed
out and froze to death Wow yeah
terrifying she had again I think the
story was that she had worked there and
you know she was after hours just doing
therapy on herself and she fucking fell
asleep in there they should never do
that by herself if you do it at a
reputable place to always be someone
standing by watching while you're in
they stand outside the door while you're
inside of it mm-hmm it's scary though I
realized when you're in there you like
this is this is something you can't
survive for that long you can survive it
for a few minutes but you you're
literally exposing yourself to something
that is 100% fatal if you stay in it
yeah now it's like cold water mm-hmm you
don't have to be in freezing cold water
they say the amount of hours you can
survive in water is like surprisingly
warm yeah it's like in the 40s you can
die mm-hm after a couple hours yep I'm
throwing numbers out but no surprising
yeah that getting wet is one of the most
dangerous things that can ever happen to
you if you're in the winter in the
mountains yeah it's one of the most
dangerous things you fall into water
they actually have rewarming drills that
they teach people particularly soldiers
and outdoorsmen that are interested in
this shit
my friend John Barlow he works for Sitka
that's a premier Outdoor company they
make like hunting clothes and stuff like
that
and they have a whole video on how to do
a rewarming drill and so what he does is
him and his friend jump into a frozen
river and then go into a tent and heat
themselves back up again Wow dude you
watch this and your whole body just goes
ahh because you there in the winter and
they jump into a river they've got to
move the ice around and hop in this
fucking frozen stream and they go all
the way under and then they come out
with their soaked down and all their
soaked wool clothes and they're soaked
synthetics and they get into a tent they
climb into their sleeping bags and they
try to heat themselves up if you yeah if
you have no access to a building a house
no shower know that you're fucked you're
out in the woods there's very specific
things that you have to do in order to
survive yeah if you you don't follow the
right steps you absolutely will die hmm
yeah it's really common that kills more
people than probably anything in the
woods freezing today yeah that movie
revenant freaked me out just going into
the woods up north for three months yeah
to collect pelts and you're walking
through fucking streams and it's pouring
rain and you got no heat or no
electricity fuck that yeah that's how
people died
a lot of people lived that way too a lot
of people lived that way until they died
I mean that do you think about those
people that made it across this country
and the people like Lewis and Clark and
all these pioneers they just didn't even
know what the fuck was around the next
corner right and they just walked on
through with would they have like
donkeys with shit on their back yeah how
much food you have yeah do you even know
where the fuck you're going you hit an
impasse you you hiked four miles and
then you come up to a mountain and you
got to double back and go around Jesus
Christ no Google Earth no nothing shit
Maps dogshit maps written by people you
hope knew what the fuck they were
talking about you know you get maps from
Native Americans get maps from a sailor
and then you randomly go into the wrong
territory and Indians want to kill you
you know there's an interesting film
that's out on Netflix right now the
ballot of Buster Scruggs it's a yeah
comoving and it's all about that yeah
about the Old West
right it's really weird man yes so weird
they are the weirdest guys of all time
the Coen brothers yeah yeah Big Lebowski
one of my all-time favorite yeah they've
just made so many cool weird films but
this one's really weird it's like a
bunch of non connected stories I thought
they were connected but they're not they
just all taken place in the same time
period Wow all the Old West and they end
pretty similar like they're all fucking
dark and you got to go go into it I
would highly recommend it but go into it
knowing it's gonna be fucking dark you
got to go there yeah just accept it but
Tom Waits his one is fucking amazing
amazing yeah dude amazing yeah I thought
it was Nick Nolte for a second hell yeah
an ulti alright dude it is so good that
one that one was really good the singer
guy was really good I love that he well
I don't want to spoil it I don't know
it's yeah they're all they're all great
but at the end of it I was like what the
fuck that I just watch yeah did you ever
watch that would I never did know what
the thing about Deadwood is I watched it
once and they were swearing so much that
my bullshit alarm went off that's why I
stopped watching yeah I was like I don't
think people talked like that back then
yeah because they didn't talk like that
in the 50s and the 60s see like the
trend doesn't make sense if people
talked like that in the Wild West
then what where did that go where'd that
go that all went into the ether like
they had kids they raised their children
the children around this kind of
language and somehow another it escaped
and it went away and it stopped that's
not how the world works right the world
doesn't work that way the world works in
the way that like you slowly introduce
fucked-up words and then they become
like the word fuck have you said the
word fuck on television in the 1950s you
would get arrested Yeah right yeah how
was that pasta on stage you get arrested
with Lenny Bruce George Carlin how is it
possible that that is a hundred years
removed from people saying it with
abandon constantly
I don't believe it yeah like I think a
better example of what it was probably
like is like gangs of new york and then
it's probably more accurate yeah like
that was probably what people were like
right then right there were probably
brutal as fuck but I bet they didn't
swear as much as we like to think they
did yeah
the deadwood thing was like they were
using it as a I mean maybe I need to go
back and watch it before I talk shit but
it felt like they were using it almost
like to modernize it yeah well you know
they were having these people talk like
scallywags would talk today right they
also say cursing is cultural like if you
if you're in a you know they talk about
how black people curse versus how
Protestants curse this is coffee yeah
I'll have some more that this this
article about it says that they
purposefully changed the words because
to make it more contemporary because
people have been buying if they're
saying tarnation and goldarn and shit
like that
yeah yeah exactly but imagine if they do
that with Vikings you know like yo we
pillaging or what what are we doing gone
but fuck man yeah I want to be king of
this bitch yo thought let's let loose on
this shit let's let loose on these
bitches yeah I mean maybe that's that's
real similar yeah see that's why okay so
I'm not wrong yeah they did it on
purpose they're bringing it back they're
making a movie something or other
bringing series back cuz it ed in the
middle of season 2 in that writers
strike happens right it's kind of I
heard there's adults Viking one that's
on Netflix now it's a I think it's a
comedy is it oh yeah
eight what is that Norse Norse gods no
that's not I don't think that's the one
out somebody else told me Norsemen is
that it that might be it is that is that
a comedy no it's weird my kids fucking
curse and I never cursed around the
house my wife cursed a little but now
suddenly it's okay and they're 15 and 18
but it's suddenly okay that were at
dinner and just fuck gets thrown around
all the time
okay that is it Norseman it's just kinda
comedic five - I don't know if it's like
a full on oh okay just based off that
looks like some Monty Python yeah
well why not hurt it's good though but I
don't have a liven this might be it was
this too many new shows
I can't keep yeah I can't keep up I know
it's uh it's like it's great this such
high quality the things are so good but
it's not great in that you can't keep up
have you started watching the marvelous
mrs. Mazal yeah I saw the first season
and then maybe one or two of the second
season but it just I really liked I
think she's fucking great obviously the
cast Tony Shalhoub but it just got so
Jewish don't say anything
cuz I'm I'm just starting it okay this
is what I did you're gonna love it up I
fucked up and started with season two
how you did
started with episode 1 season 2 got to
episode 3 I was like what's wrong with
this yeah that's hilarious
no I didn't even know so many other tell
me someone need to tell me the store I
forget who told me but I went back and
watched the first episode of season 1 I
was like holy shit this is even better
but I thought it was good
watching the first episode of season 2
not even knowing how she got there
because I knew was about stand-up I knew
she was a comic but then going back and
watching it from season 1 I'm like oh
okay yeah I think there's a lot there's
a lot of stuff about how they and
writing on a show that's similar and
that it's about a comedian starting out
on crashing it's I think they really
capture the process of somebody brand
new finding their voice onstage
yeah yeah and the managers great the
woman that plays our manager there's
always somebody like that that's in your
corner that's helping you develop
yourself and and she's she's natural
onstage I buy it I buy her as a stand-up
onstage I buy her as being actually
funny yeah yeah and it's interesting
seeing Lenny Bruce the guy who plays
with any Bruce is very good yeah who's
that guy
who's her too
her name and uh spoiler alert you get to
see her breasticles fantastic by the way
Lord good Lord thank you Jesus I had to
do a search not that I was but no I did
a search on her news just let it go I
did a thing on her news old she probably
put it up so she won the Emmy she won
the gold wow this year for that yeah
yeah Rachel Brosnahan and Michaels Egan
and now Joel nasal gray and who is who's
playing Lenny Bruce is that the guy Luke
Kirby Luke Kirby Luke Kirby outstanding
he did a great job he sounded like him
you know he sounds without doing an
obvious impression it sounds like he's
got the tone right yeah it's got the
inflection right it's not overly
stylized no no no it's satin that you
believe it yeah he did a great job of
like seeming like a guy doing stand-up
in front of a room people not like an
actor playing a standup
well the woman that created the show
apparently her dad was a stand-up and he
knew Lenny Bruce which is why she put
him in the series because he's the only
historical figure on the show right
right
yeah well it's also the show mmm they
take some liberties with the history
like they're what I don't think there
was a comedy club back then you know
this Gaslight called it that's down I
don't think that was real I don't think
there really was a comedy club back then
I think back then people were just doing
poetry nights and they were doing you
know they did be like musician then a
comedian comedians would host things
right I don't think there was
necessarily a comedy club yeah I think
that came later yeah it's like catch
arising star came out of being a cabaret
and you know people would sing there and
then suddenly people started doing
stand-up there and the two existed
together for years before it became a
comedy good we should we should actually
know this why do we not know what was
the very first comedy club well it was a
catch
there was the hungry eye and San
Francisco was at the first night it was
the 60s though was that one yeah that
was the 60s because the Ice House is the
oldest running
comedy club in the world the ice house
is the oldest all the other old ones are
gone except the ice house and the comedy
and magic club is right on its heels
alright that's that's probably second
but what was the well that place is
called The Gaslight yeah and I think
there was a Gaslight I think it was a
comedy club though I don't think the the
way they did it which was great and
again I don't want to give give too much
of it away but the way they did it where
like people were getting bumped like she
got bumped yeah like I don't think that
that was what guys did where they ran
around doing fifteen minutes and go from
one club to another New York comics do
it now right I don't think that's real
yeah but that's a nitpicky thing that's
it's more you know it's more indicative
I think of how people do it today mm-hmm
do you think they were do I mean who in
the fuck know so maybe they drop in back
then maybe they did have nights like
several nights where they had just
comedy yeah this is booked by Cliff
Nestor off about the history of comedy
you read that no he's great I don't know
but it's cliff any ste ROV and I had
about my podcast a couple times he's
great but the real first comedy shows in
New York were the comedian's drunks
thieves scoundrels in the history of
American comedy did you find anything
about the oldest or the first stand-up
comedy club arguably it was in the
United Kingdom in 1979 it was the comedy
storm before that they would just
perform okay dishonest English
motherfucker got a hold of Wikipedia
well that was everything that's just
started the United Kingdom in the United
States history it goes back into the
19th century in vaudeville places and so
it just depends on when somebody first
turned their venue right but what I'm
saying is who called who was who had the
various comedy club yeah did the hungry
I San Francisco yeah
so the hungry I was a 100% comedy club
yeah and then the bitter end which was
music and comedy hmm interesting in New
York so those are the ones and what
yours that it says in the 50s into the
60s it doesn't have a particularly wow
mort's all I think Mort Sahl still
around
Google that I think he is I think he's
still doing stand-up I think dick dick
Gregory's around sitting I think that
Gregory died oh he did is that true find
out that first cuz I'm a dick yeah um
yeah Dick Gregory funeral yeah yeah he
died but I think Lenny Bruce might have
started at the hungry eye as well I
think he started in San Francisco I
think you're right yeah yeah that was uh
the beatniks right yeah let into the is
he still around
god damn you Mort Sahl still rockin
nineteen ninety-one years old
motherfucker Wow outlived them all good
for him
yeah all these guys were the originators
I mean without them these are this is
the original roots of the tree of
stand-up comedy 100% right
yeah we do know James it's a a crazy
history you really stop and think about
the the year it starts in the 60s and
that before that it didn't exist like
that like it was kind of a thing that
people did there was court jesters there
was funny people there was comedy in
various plays and musicals there was
comedic elements well there's cabaret
yeah and there was emcees people would
emcee things but in terms of like
someone going specifically to see
someone say things in a funny way just
talking in front of a microphone that
shit was really recent yeah that's what
the fuck would we do well we might we
might have done vaudeville from town to
town
your suitcase has no wheels on it you're
lugging that shit on a train Oh fun no
few young yeah you're young fun because
if you think you're a big deal when you
go to a town now go to fucking Columbus
Ohio in 1919 and and perform you would
be like a god to them
you'd also be like a carnie yeah
traveling from town to town probably
fucking real loose with your morals Yeah
right
spreading god-knows-what around the
Midwest all kinds of STDs and yeah io
u--'s and babies constantly nobody
pulled out I used a rubber in the 1910s
right and they're also like they're
living a savage life like to expect them
to find a nice gal in Kansas and settle
down that's right they just they're
working the tilt-a-whirl and they got to
prop it up with logs cuz the left side
doesn't have a leg and that thing spin
so you got to keep an eye on it you
don't want to launch anybody into the
parking lot and if you do you just pack
up and move to the next town they just
get the lawyers there's no way to track
him on the Internet
yeah they say you know a lot of those
early
it was very Jewish because Jews were
having a hard time getting hired and so
that was one of the few places they
could work and that's why they say
comedy was a very Jewish thing Oh
interest leading into the borscht belt
and all that Stan and olives but we just
came out it's basically about this
Laurent harlot party were vaudeville
touring comedians in 1920s when did this
come out just came out in the theaters
right now no shit I used to be good yeah
about two weeks ago and stan and Ollie
stand for forget the Laurel and Hardy
right yeah
john c reilly and steve coogan Wow guys
are both amazing yeah
John see Raleigh's excellent I don't
know who Steve Coogan is who Steve
Coogan he's a British stand-up I think
but that's cool I'm glad someone okay oh
I've seen that guy in stuff before I'm
glad someone's doing that Charlie
Chapman was supposedly a bad
motherfucker yeah he would go up to the
Hearst Castle and fuck hearse wife Oh in
the castle no you ever go up to that
castle yeah when I was looking amazing
yeah and yeah Chaplin would go up he was
fucking everybody everybody's wife yeah
he got off on wives really yeah there
was a thing yeah so dangerous
imagine the only happy if you're banging
someone else's woman Wow that's crazy
guess there's no there's no commitment
maybe that it and if she gets pregnant
you know he'll claim it he'll claim the
baby there at the Hearst Castle Wow whoa
that's him with the cigarette yeah
that's so weird
1930s banging her this means Hearst
would have hundreds of guests every
weekend they had rooms for hundreds of
people and they would have hunts they
would fucking hunt during the day or you
know they play tennis and then everybody
would meet four high balls at like five
o'clock in one room and giant fireplaces
and then they have set dinners with
fucking servants and if you got an
invite to that he went for you go for
like three weeks
what yeah you come look at that dining
hall you know what that looks like that
looks like the haunted dining hall in
the Disney ride the Haunted Mansion and
past that you ever seen that do you know
I'm talking about it got inspired from
something I guarantee that's what it got
inspired by it looks so much like that
so look at that image right now and now
Google the dining room at the haunted
mansion Disneyland as seen when you fly
by and you're on the little train and
you pass by and all the ghosts are
dancing around shit it's beautiful looks
just like that and then it was as if all
the grounds were a zoo at Hearst Castle
that was fucking giraffes running around
zebras he's like El Chapo he couldn't
get rid of his money he had so much
fucking money that's a shit image of it
they don't good image of it oh all right
how's that possible huh I really
supposed to take pictures in there are
you yeah that's a good point yeah Wow so
everybody but everybody does now but
people are always taking pictures of
shit you take pictures of your kids in
there mmm anyway it looks real similar
to that but yeah that guy had way too
much money he brought over wild boars
he's the reason why California has a
wild pig problem no shit
yes Wow him that fuck goddamn yeah wild
boars they didn't they go hunt them yeah
come here Wow that's why there's a hole
like it's not down here
see it's not Southern California they're
all up there yeah they're they're slowly
making their way down here uh-huh
but the ones that are down here the
closest they are is to hone ranch to
hone ranch is about an hour and a half
from here and they have wild pigs is it
that hard to just get a bunch of guys
with ak-47s and hunt them down
stop that hard but you can't do that in
California California you can get
depredation permits and they have gotten
depredation permits and they hunt them
at night with night vision because
sometimes the pigs will start making
their way into agriculture or they start
making their way into the like they'll
lay down some fresh sod and put some
grass down and these pigs will destroy
thousands of dollars in landscaping
damage
yeah when they prove that that's
happening then they get a special permit
and then they could just start whacking
yeah and then they just take out like
everything at night and they do it you
know sniper rifles and shit but then
when a normal person wants to like say
if you wanted to kill a wild pig now you
know you can get as many licenses as
you'd like you can get five licenses you
can get six low so you can go out and
shoot six pigs in a day it's totally
legal as long as you pay for each
individual tag because the the
understanding is that at least in most
places California's the only place that
treats it like game in most places you
don't even have to have tags for them
most place they're encouraging you to
shoot them and that'll probably be the
case in California eventually like it
isn't like Texas France for instance
right Texas is a real pig problem they
have a giant oh shit there's millions
and millions and millions of pigs oh I
remember that from the Friday night Late
Show at The Improv in Houston you said
that was you really had me believing
they didn't believe it and you're
setting up to joke the holds aisle it's
nice I think it's like that with
alligators in Florida too yeah when I
was a kid they were an endangered
species they would ask us to please not
feed them marshmallows because I lived
in Gainesville right by this place
called Lake Alice yeah lake outside
alligators I was fucking 11 years old I
was crazy yeah there's a goddamn
dinosaur but there was a small
population of them cuz they had been
whacked into oblivion before
making suitcases out of him and then
they made it illegal to hunt them and
they made him a protected species but
then they fucked up they over protected
those goddamn super lizards or
everywhere now they're fucking
everywhere
my mom belongs to a golf course down in
Florida where she lives and there's this
alligators apparently like this fucking
14-foot alligator and the people were
playing golf and there was a deer and
everybody's on the everybody's standing
there going like fucking alligator comes
out grabs it pulls it into the water
does that spin move takes it to the
bottom fucking done so everyone's
talking about it what do we do about it
so about three weeks later my mom is out
on the course and her ball is right next
to the lake where the alligator is and
she forgets and she goes over and her
ball is right on the edge and she's
standing there and she was standing on
some fucking like dead some dead grass
and it gave out and she fell in the
fucking Lake up to her neck and then she
remembered and she fucking started
scrambling up the mud and grabbing at
the reeds to get out of there and and
her and the people that she was with had
left who she was playing by herself for
some reason and she fucking got out of
there and got in the cart and and then
she just started laughing oh my god my
little mother
my little five-foot-two mother oh my god
we're having a tasty meal happen so
quick yeah better than a dear old lady
nice soft old lady way way more tender
yeah corn-fed my mom's corn-fed I never
told you that no yeah yeah I thought she
was organic no no we let her free-range
though sometimes there's a great story
about a car chase cops were chasing this
dude was so in car and the guy jumps off
a bridge into the water and immediately
gets eaten by alligators Wow yeah he's
like a little overpass over a river
she just hops out of the fucking car
jumps into the river and
smash he lands right in front of an
alligator no Jax him in front of the
cops Wow what do you do if you're a cop
do you shoot at the alligator you try to
kill the alligator what it's calling a
guy good point I mean that's a reckless
thing to be doing
when there's a lot of thrashing around
you just gonna empty your clip pop out
you know I mean how much distance is
there between the bridge and the water
would right what can the cop do well you
know the guy's gonna die so I think it's
a I think it's a safe bet to take some
shots anyway I think it's a not safe bet
to take some shots because if you're a
cop what have you hit the guy and they
said oh you shot a man trying to cover
up I got some fucking alligators eat
them it's true
you got what the alligator him now go
save your job hear about the guy
there was a guy flying a plane from
Florida to Cuba or Cuba to Florida and
the plane fuckin went down and he
survived the crash and then got eaten by
sharks that 20-minute period where
you're floating in the water but you're
thankful and you're almost giddy I did
it I fuckin survived oh my god yeah bad
day
well you know that story about the World
War two boat that sank and the guys were
floating around sea for several days and
most of them got eaten by sharks you
know that's the the story that they
talked about in the beginning of Jaws
yeah remember where the the captain the
captains it the fucking scars and he
starts talking about his his time on the
boat yeah do you remember that seemed
very Scheider no not Roy Scheider the
guy was talking to Roy Scheider okay the
who's that guys what's that guy's name
again old-time actor the guy was fucking
amazing
just pull up Charles no no no no no
Richard Dreyfus was a scientist Roy
Scheider was the sheriff Richard Dreyfus
was the scientist and then there's a
older gentleman oh yeah right she steals
that fuck fuck yeah he steals that movie
where is he yeah he steals that fucking
movie he steals that fucking movie you
believe him
wait so what was the opening scene not
the opening scene but he describes what
it was like no that's a different shark
attack typed in World War 2 follow the
naval ship yeah that's it that's it I'm
sorry I was thinking once it's worth
shark attack and history I was thinking
it was that story about New Jersey where
the bull sharks killed people scroll
back up so I could see what it says er
1945 u.s. naval ship was sunk by a
Japanese submarine the ship sinking was
just the beginning of the sailors
nightmare yeah that's the boat that's
the story how many people died shitload
let's see almost 300 people died yeah of
the 1196 been aboard 900 made it into
the water alive their ordeal so that's
that's how many survived the crash so
there's 900 of them that are alive now
how many of them make it to the end out
of 900 SPRO its growth scroll it scroll
it
yeah this is they're just giving you the
full line of the story that not giving
just the actual facts 317 remained so so
almost 600 people got eat
estimates of the number who died from
shark attacks range from a few dozen to
almost a hundred and 50 so the other
people died from other things starvation
probably oh he stroked being in the
water and so I bet when those guys died
then the Sharks ate them and it got even
worse fuck man Wow that's fucking crazy
just imagine 150 people eaten by sharks
the amount of blood in the water
fucking christ
that you know but when you're around any
kind of thing that can eat you and kill
you it puts it all into perspective that
you're not you're not around that enough
it's not it's not like you should be
around it all the time but you should
know it's a real thing and when you're
around it you go like oh oh sharks just
will just eat you Oh a bear will just
eat you
Oh about lion will just eat you Oh like
these people that got killed this year
was our 2018 at least was very rare and
that two people were documented killed
by mountain lions in the Pacific
Northwest one guy in Portland outside of
Portland one guy outside of Seattle it's
pretty rare that mountain lions do that
but
Oh Matt Lions will just eat you oh that
can happen - like we think we're so safe
and I think it I think you're right it
would keep you in the moment I think we
should release like grizzly in cities
just because like you might be worried
about oh my the fucking stock markets
down or I think my wife's cheating yeah
you're in the moment but then you gonna
have to allow people to be armed to
protect themselves guys gonna have open
carry fucking ARS slung around their
shoulders looking over bears everywhere
yeah taking a kid to school you better
bring the rifle she's only two blocks
away yeah bro bringing the rifle saw
bear here a couple of days ago okay
imagine you walk outside your house and
you hear a branch snapping you turn and
you see a 900-pound wild dog like thing
and that's not that's not one chef
that's gotta be a pretty good gun to
take that thing down nine-millimeter now
it's just gonna eat your bullets all
right it's gonna kill you anyway fuck
yeah you would have to you'd have to
have a perfect shot right in the perfect
part of its brain to shut it off quick
to prevent you from getting mauled the
amount of strength that they have -
you'd be like a water balloon they like
tearing open a bag like a ziploc bag
full of jello yeah they just rip you
apart yeah going back to that movie
revenant that fucking bear attack was
insane the bear attacks nothing compared
to what really happens yeah like if he
really got bit by a bear but like that
like he'd probably be right destroyed
like I think the guy that was the
we're really happened to him in real
life it's kind of based really loosely
on a story I think he got kind of like a
little malt mm-hmm that was enough yeah
a little malt leave you like that that
bear was throwing him around for like
yeah yeah that bear would have killed
you yeah you'd have no bones left
snapped everything into a fine powder
just crush you and then eat you right
fuck yeah why not eat you especially
once you start stinking they like to
bury things let them rot for a while
uh-huh they do my friend Adam he shot a
moose in Canada and bears claimed it and
he went back in this video of it it's so
spooky whoa who says buried it's a giant
big-ass moose by the time they got you
know they shoot it and then it goes it
runs away and then you have to track it
you have to let it let it die it takes a
little while so you the smart thing to
do is to sit out for a couple hours
it'll be dead for sure but what you
don't want to do is spook it while it's
injured if it's not a perfect hit if it
runs away because then it's gonna just
keep running run for a long time on
adrenaline so the the correct move is if
you don't see an animal die you don't
see you see it run into the woods you
wait and you wait just as a
precautionary mother well the damned
will died in seconds and a bear claimed
it immediately it died probably right in
front of them what state was this this
is an Alaska so the bear is just there
the moves dies right in front of him
he's like oh look at that
that's mine it starts eating it and he
starts covering it up so eat some of it
covers it up they come tracking in a
hour later or so it's already covered in
dirt Wow oh that's crazy oh yeah holy
shit yeah fuck no I don't know
think about what it takes to take
fucking frozen mud round myself they
might have shot it and taken some of the
meat and we're going back to pack it out
because sometimes when you hunt you'll
hunt with one person but when then you
go back to pack out a big animal you
bring like five or six can I help you
yeah but this is the video of it look at
this to give me some volume hole moose
is buried
yeah that's my movies under there yeah
whoa yeah I don't like this so
everything is like you know five and a
half feet high grass or you know you see
I mean how tall is that grass four
four-and-a-half feet at least yeah so
bears could be in that shit
they could be hunkered down in that shit
so I'm seeing the skull on the ground
and the skulls skinned out so what that
means to me is that he had already
started butchering the the moose and
probably went back to it so that's I was
kind of correct that was right about
that or not but so this is what happened
they could only take some of the meat
because they were terrified the Bears
gonna come back and I only think they
had a gun on them and you know I just
scan in the area see how the the boots
the head is already off of the antlers
yeah you know and so this is the next
video
that's scary shit man so they didn't
even see the bear they just know it was
a bear exactly yeah think about the
strength to take frozen earth like that
and dig it out
yeah what's the type of bear you know if
you run into a black bear you're more
likely to be thought of as food it's
kind of interesting like you're more
likely predation on humans is more
common with black bears they just decide
to try to eat you
but with Grizzlies Grizzlies are it's
rarer that a grizzly decides to eat you
decided to chase you down and eat you
it's more common that you fuck up and
run into a female hmm or you try to
steal his food like that like they had
to get the fuck out yeah because if he
just decided to run at them they got a
real giant problem most the time a bear
won't though they're cautious they'll
stay they'll hang back cuz they figure
what you gonna do you're gonna eat that
whole moose they're gonna leave me some
I ate a bunch I'm gonna wait a little
while see what the fuck you're doing
he's probably full anyway
yes but they had to get out of there
they only took a little bit of the meat
and they took off like it's too
dangerous
it used to be everywhere it needs to be
ever in California that's why it's on
our flag yeah we killed them all
not we you and I were in Boston yeah we
didn't kill anybody and kill anybody
they killed all the grizzly bears in
California yeah but it's still an under
state flag the state flag has a fucking
grizzly bear California doesn't have any
Grizzlies right it's weird yeah I was in
Alaska once and they were they were like
raccoons they were behind restaurants
going through dumpsters around or brown
bears or black men I think they were I
don't want both they've both up there
black bears become more well they all
become a problem if they start getting
around garbage because then they're
smart they know where the garbage is
yeah just keep returning right there's a
place called Levesque the vet California
it's off to five and it's named that way
for the last guy to die in a bear attack
in California oh really
yeah huh they're like enough e fuck
enough apparently they wound up digging
this guy up afterwards find out the
story's true and he was just in pieces
yeah shit all right so coastal bear to
Zaire bear attack shark attack or dying
in a cryogenics tank died in the crowd
would be way less painful you just
freeze that's the way to go I don't know
if that's the way to go though because
then you're not gonna get eaten like
shouldn't you return to nature yeah I
mean you really should be eating and I
would rather be eaten by one of my kind
which is a ground animal those fucking
cunts in the water
I can't eaten by those heartless
assholes I don't even take care of their
babies yeah you know a bear at least
takes care of their young I mean they're
they're they're shitheads they eat their
babies too and especially males males
kill babies left and right they actually
actively go after them and kill them but
sort of sharks sharks sharks have inter
womb competition they eat each other
inside the womb oh no she Wow
you ever see like a an MRI of sharks in
the womb now it's a monster movie
that's insane is that real those images
that's a good question I've seen those
much done I feel like it might have been
from a movie but I'm looking at now
let's see I think it's real I think the
reason why I thought it was fake and
then I found it was real it's one of
those either I thought it was real and I
found out was fake or I thought it was
fake I found out it's real but the image
is if it's real it's fucking amazing
it's these little monsters inside a
inside a womb and then you gotta think
you know I guess no one had it fuck it
because it
lay the eggs out and the men just jizz
on the eggs really yeah that's how it
works they don't fuck have a terrible
life Wow yeah
the women lay the eggs on the floor
could salmon that's what happens that
happens with trout they lay the eggs out
and the men come by and shoot loads all
over them yeah and then the things pop
up and no one takes care of anybody Wow
all those kids just grow up without
parents parents don't give a fuck about
then the parents will eat them yeah
happens all the time with little fish
now bigger fish is hungry there's eat
that they don't even know if there's
fuckin eating it I'm hungry they just
they have a system of maintaining a
population and when there's not enough
food
no some of you guys gotta go I don't
remember this in Finding Nemo is it
wasn't in there they fucking left it out
they didn't even eat yeah all those bear
movies the movies about bears when
Disney they don't eat
yeah how come they're not chasing down
mooses and assholes right
tear and Bambi apart and eating their
face while back legs are kickin the
Bears just hold them down neat and like
a grape eating that ass yeah okay yeah
it's um it's very inconvenient to show
that in the Lion King the show has a lot
how these lines where there's their food
I never eat everything is a battle we're
going to war with people trying to reign
retain their Kingdom all right
where's the snack where's all the food
yeah how come I come I don't see that
you're fucking with kids giving kids bad
information that would be a great movie
to do a feature-length animated movie
where you show how it really works
oh my god the killing awful yeah be
awful yeah cats cats are the population
control of the world those motherfuckers
faster than everybody can only eat meat
and all they do is just run around and
try to catch people slipping
mm-hmm try to catch animals slipping try
to catch any they're just they're just
Darwinism yeah they'll eat bugs and Lion
King come on yeah come on that's a bug
that he just ate yeah it's like they've
met Timon and Pumbaa and he showed them
how to get grubs or something like that
and that's what in the fuck kind of
propaganda horseshit is this that guy
that's anti-american
but it the way his dad does is in a
stampede of like wildebeest which he
probably was attacking I just don't
remember them showing that in that movie
at all that's how they really yeah see
the problem is kids grow up and they see
this stuff and the soft-headed amongst
them will then think that animals are
really like that so they'll venture out
into the forest to try to make friends
you just have to be open spiritually
yeah just go to the Lions Den yeah open
yourself up spiritually and let the
forest know I talked to a lady once she
was a yoga lady and she was talking
about Colorado and she's like when I
walk into the woods I just walk out
there and say I'm walking out here with
love please do not harm me like yeah
that's not gonna work
they let's see you're having your period
get back in the car
well not only that they don't it's not a
morality thing it's not a good or bad
thing it's like some things going to get
eaten if you're out there and you're the
slow thing you're going to get eaten no
offense no one's mad at you yeah it's
just Darwinism you're the wheat calf if
this is not a this is not a discerning
organism that's got moral value that it
places on you know attacking thugs only
or not going after yoga instructors Oh
Oh slow she ate that I can eat yep
there's they have no language they're
just they're just an organism looking to
survive complex set of reinforcements
and and reward systems that are set up
for it to be an incredibly efficient
predator yeah fuck does he only see male
lions the size of that oh dude just the
biggest jaws do powerful yeah so the
shark thing I found articles saying what
you were saying could not find a video
and I do believe when we found that
before it was fake I'm trying to find
Google even like fake oh the Sharks know
the sharks in the body just Google MRI
image I found something that kind of
contradicts it though this is a dead
shark that they performed a c-section on
and there was 98 live pups inside wow
yeah that's true but that doesn't mean
that it happens every time no I know
what I had read was that it happens
often this is the only thing I can find
of a shark
that's 90 look at all those nuts and so
he's just throwing him in the water he's
pulling him out and saving them that is
nuts man look at all those little
monsters just swarming around do you
know they fuck that's crazy do you know
that millions literally millions of
sharks are hunted and killed every year
that's crazy all for the soup that's
mostly yeah you know that's changed
people's attitudes on shark fishing
because people used to catch shark and
used to get it at restaurants all the
time
I remember you remember on the East
Coast he'd get mako shark yeah fucking
player yeah right pimp Oh consumption
right lemon some butter yeah right it
was a common thing they'd serve in
restaurants how many sharks are fin Oh
research indicates that about a hundred
million sharks are killed each year Wow
eleven sharks an hour that isn't crap
this is by finning that's incredible
it's likely that many sharks are caught
without being reported oh so that okay
so this is just what they're reporting
my god that's sick this is like the
first time I can remember in history
that people are concerned with people
fishing for sharks because we talked
about this was the governor in New York
who was it who was the cat that got in
trouble for legally catching a shark and
cooking it needing it I want to say was
the governor governor of New York but
Cuomo I thought maybe the government son
whatever the fuck it is Jamiel find it
andrew Cuomo tweeted a picture of
himself
yeah after yeah so this was all normal
when we were kids
this was normals fuck like that might as
well be a Marlin or a halibut just you
got a shark oh cool what's it taste like
oh it's good it's good you cook it with
lemon like swordfish very similar yeah I
remember eating shark yeah it's a little
tough a hundred eighty four pound
thresher shark so that's um you know
Mako was particularly delicious it
really does taste a lot like swordfish
but in our lifetime it's now become
taboo because people have this rough
idea of what a shark is and that sharks
are being targeted and sharks are being
murdered and there's a small amount of
sharks left I don't know if that's
accurate cuz
I think this is just in one part of the
world they're killing off all these
sharks
it's like if you say that there's no
more grizzly bears left well if you're
talking about California you're right
but if you're talking about British
Columbia you're wrong there's a fuckload
of them up there yeah and they're scary
they're big they're big and they're fast
and they need to eat every day and they
berries
if they find berries they'll eat some
berries or they eat your asshole too I
present would you would you say this is
it this is happening is it let's do it
right yeah I was in Alaska once and I
was in I forget what town but there was
an island called Bear Island okay and I
rented this guy had a had a 1948 I think
was called us Stenson there's some kind
of plane prop plane and I paid him a
hundred bucks to take me over bear
island and this fucking shitty little
plane and we went out there and it took
him like 30 minutes to get the plane
start and I was like I should get the
fuck out of here and so so we go up and
and the thing is getting tossed around
by wind and and we go out and we go over
bear island he's showing me fucking bear
all of it was like the highest
concentration of bear into anywhere in
Alaska Jesus Christ
those bears are giant two miles yeah
those the coastal bears they're all
eating seafood they're eating like fish
and salmon and they just get enormous
yeah they're so big there's so much
bigger than bears that are inland like
hundreds of pounds what are the inland
bears eat whatever the fuck they get
ahold of my elite salmon if they find
salmon if there's a Salmon River the
lead fish they'll eat berries well he
calves eat a lot of calves did a lot of
calf's of elk and moose and deer fawns
the small things it can't get away I
need everything they can yeah they're so
big yes just imagine how much food you
would have to eat if you weighed 800
pounds how much food you have to eat
every day well four times as much as you
eat now look at that fucking creep yeah
look at that fucking long nailed creep
that's a monster man yeah but we think
it's yogi oh look he's so cute he will
eat your kid in front of you yeah and
that's what they have to do I mean
they're they're predators they're out
there they're they're omnivores I mean
they do occasionally eat whatever the
fuck they want they'll eat roots and
berries they'll eat everything else too
but they'll definitely eat you
yeah and love it yeah have a good old
time yeah that's Salmons a perfect food
for them it's all fat yeah just store it
up yup it's almost like it's designed
for them too because the salmon die they
literally die on the river like you
don't you have to catch them how I
didn't know that every year oh when they
have to die they go back up to where
they were born right yes yeah yes they
say that once the salmon make the trek
from the ocean to the freshwater
they're already on a path to die their
clock has already gone over it's already
flipped over into no return land you
couldn't take him out of there and bring
them to like some salmon pond they live
forever
it doesn't work that way there they they
breed they make the track they breed and
when they get to the spot where you know
when they were then their life their
their body starts changing color they
start getting mushy
they look rotten and they just fucking
wind up like pooling up on the ground
and then the Bears move in and they eat
hundreds of rotten ones see this is this
is while the salmon are in the run and
these Bears are there fighting over
territory look at the size of these
motherfuckers Jesus Christ dude they're
fighting over who gets to salmon yeah
but these are salmon that are still
pretty fresh and healthy they're
swimming around they look good and so
they catch them like that's a perfectly
healthy salmon and he catches it right
in the middle of it
we're tried look he's all slow-mo and
shit here he goes
they trying they catch some of them oh
look at that imagine just standing in
freezing cold water waiting to catch
something with your mouth it's delicious
right but they figured it out and it
works yeah look at the Cubs like come on
mom
it's a fuck so mom's probably going to
give him some of that
yeah see she breaks off pieces of it and
so they just keep doing that back and
forth and they'll do that all day but
then once the salmon are done with their
run then they just die and
coincidentally when they're dying is
probably right when the Bears are trying
to fatten up and get ready for
hibernation
so though like sort of happens together
and they're all in the right place at
the right time all right
see if you find bears eating rotten
salmon because like sometimes they'll
pull up and these these rivers and these
like little ponds and shit and you just
see there's all these bears just chew on
these rotten carcasses yeah yeah those
salmon are endangered now we eat so much
more fish yeah remember when I was a kid
I'd have fish once every three weeks now
yeah I mean maybe it's because we're in
LA but I have fished a few times a week
do you
yeah if some fucking sushi one day wife
will cook some salmon on another day go
get one of those pokeballs we're
constantly eating salmon it's a lot of
food think about all those little
organisms and I have to fuck will not
really shoot loads on eggs yeah make new
organisms and then all the people with
nets scooping them up do you see a tuna
got sold in Japan for the highest amount
ever three million dollars for a tuna
shit I had no idea did you have any idea
that a tuna could be three million
dollars I know that they wait on the
dock and in Japan and whoever is like
certain chefs have more cachet and
they're able to come in first and pick
the the tuna but then they but then they
auction them off and yeah they go for
crazy money that's so crazy that's a
giant fucking fish though isn't it like
600 pounds or something how much like oh
yeah least 278 kilograms
what's that in English yeah look at that
thing god damn that's how hard that is
to bring in yeah I caught a yellowtail
in Hawaii that was like 11 pounds boy oh
yeah
battle really what a battle yeah six
hundred and thirteen pounds Wow
yeah we caught of quite a few of them
you know what's interesting they're
catching ones they're calling hamachi
because they were actually from a
hamachi farm that was on the Big Island
that broke
during the storm I render that storm
there a couple years back giant fucking
hurricane Hawaii well it destroyed this
this containment area that they had
where they were farm raising hamachi for
like sushi and shit so now this type of
yellowtails everywhere in the ocean oh
wow yeah we caught it quite a few of
them did you eat him the other great so
you caught it there you brought it back
to the hotel and then they fried it yeah
it really good for you yeah yeah oh it's
amazing so good they made sushi for us
they made they made sashimi they made
ceviche they baked it they cooked it a
couple of different ways but you know
they're so powerful a ten pound one nine
pound one is so powerful you can't
believe how strong they are yeah like
you're wrestling so imagine that thing
600 pounds yeah holy shit the whole
family fish no just my youngest yeah did
she love it loves that she loves fishing
yeah yeah we put a video up of the
dolphins that were with us I saw that
that's crazy I was amazing you just
never seen that many dolphin swim with a
boat being here it was incredible
they just all pop we just hit the right
spot yeah and then they all decided to
swim with the boat they just get in in
front of the boat as the bows pushing
the water yeah and they sort of surf it
that's amazing so crazy you worried
about you're gonna hit them you worried
that they're gonna hit but the right
people are one on the boat they don't
worry about it all the Dolphins know
exactly what they're doing
yeah they're smart as shit yeah it's
weird to watch man it's weird to watch
them all coordinate together and then
we're done they were done like by yeah
Wow yeah my daughter surfs and they come
out they play around a little bit
sometimes they ride the waves when she's
surfing that's one of the dark sides of
fishing right commercial fishing is what
happens in Japan when they take those
dolphins and they look at them as
competition yeah they're gonna kill
their tuna so they you know they've been
doing that forever the large-scale
slaughter of them yes scary shit they
just shoot him they caught them they
bring up you ever seen the documentary
The Cove oh now I heard about that
oh it's awful there it's it's like
they're slaughtering water people that's
what it's like yeah so this what a
dolphin is is some strange super
intelligent creature that we don't
totally understand yeah and it can talk
they can talk to each other and we don't
know what they're saying but they know
what they're saying and we could train
them you could ride them you can do
flips for fish all this conch that's all
true that's all true but what's also
true is they have a giant brain yeah if
they have a huge brain they have a
cerebral cortex it's 40% larger than a
person no shit yeah Wow they just it's
designed for you know the movement of
its body because it's a lot a lot larger
body but they think it's also got some
sort of probably not totally understood
or measured cognitive ability they don't
know like how smart they really are you
know we were talking about Timothy Leary
he's to pal around with John Lilly John
Lilly is the guy who invented the
isolation tank and he's also he was a
pioneer in interspecies communication
you give dolphins acid and he would
really yeah he was set the float tank up
next to the dolphin tank and take acid
and get in there with them yeah yeah he
was trying to figure out a way to get
dolphins to speak he would get them to
like make a noise it sounds like haha
you know but they could they don't have
the vocal cords they can't make the
sounds that we expect yeah but their
sounds we don't understand right which
is weird cuz they know what you're
saying if you say okay we're gonna jump
now we're gonna jump we're gonna give
you a fish they know what they know what
you're saying we have no idea what
they're saying yeah yeah it's weird when
you would what is the cutoff for killing
an intelligent animal you know like you
can't kill dogs cats dogs aren't nearly
as smart as dolphins right yeah but you
can kill dogs in some spots it's
cultural yeah cuz pigs are probably as
smart as dogs
oh yeah eggs are really smart I mean
that's a that's a tricky one always you
know like that is one of our criteria
like even a lot of vegetarians will
still step on roaches yeah you know our
criteria is how smart is the thing
how close is it to us the further it's
away from us the easier we could jet
like nobody gives a fuck about oysters
yeah you know Sablin an oyster gets got
I don't care I don't care at all I don't
feel a thing
someone shucks an oyster and opens up
and scoops it out and swallows I'm like
how's it good yeah I know like pour a
little piggy put the poor little piggy
that's real yeah that thing smart oh
let's say so scared so terrified
yeah whatever these things are dumb what
about lobsters getting thrown in a pot
can you do that I can't do that oh yeah
I can do it freaks me out really that
they're like moving around and alive and
then you throw them in and don't they
scream they're bugs the other scream
they sing first yeah no scream they
don't know sound like a frog at carnagie
oh I don't think they can make noise I
don't think they make noise they're
lobsters yeah yeah but they taste fuck
I'll eat tons of them when I used to
work in Boston at the the Copley
Mariette that was my day job for a while
in college and then when I first started
doing stand-up and we used to go down
and it was the biggest banquet hall in
Boston so we used to get all these
conventions all these fucking hayseed
farmers would come from the Midwest and
they'd stay in the hotel and they could
order any kind of dinner they wanted for
their banquet but they always wanted the
pilgrim the pilgrim banquet and we used
to have to fucking dress up as Pilgrims
and we would serve Lobster it didn't
even make any sense clam before Thanks
so so they would make and the thing
about banquet cooking is you cook ten
percent more than the amount of people
you're feeding just in case which meant
there was like you know thirty thirty
college kids all waiting tables and and
so after we fed them they would usually
have like a presentation or whatever
comedian or a speaker so we would leave
the room for like an hour and a half and
we would just fucking go to town on like
a hundred lobsters could eat like three
lobsters if you wanted really then our
friends were all working the bars they
were all the bartenders so we'd be doing
shots drinking beer so is the upside was
you live like a king the downside was
you were dressed like a fucking asshole
remember clambakes people would do them
on the prowl yeah those were good yeah
like a clambake what you would bury it
and get out seaweed over the top and
shit wet seaweed and it would just steam
everything I've never done it I've only
eaten it at a restaurant when you order
a clambake yeah and they give you
something I've never done the beach
thing I did it with Kevin Flynn and
Nantucket it looks attractive yeah
it's fair it's great it's very earthy
right the fucking corn in there
everything potatoes - something about a
bonfire on the beach
right it's like extra special yeah like
here it is that's it right there how to
make a steam pit make a nice fucking
steam pit look at that we got a lobsters
we got corn god we've got clams yeah it
would be lobsters and corn and clams
potatoes yeah potatoes and it would all
be buried in like a burlap sack under
the ground yeah mussels - god dammit
that looks good uh-uh
people say they don't like Lobster I
just do not understand that you don't
it's like Lobster Eddie Bravo won't eat
fish hates fish not a big fan you son of
a bitch slop stir crab nice little
asking crab a little bit look at that
with the little of the green stuff what
is that minced onions or something we'll
just crawl crow I think with no weights
the stuff on the no that's not that is
that's like a spice right cuz it's on
the corn - no yeah I think that's like a
note is that like a celery or something
like that parsley chopped parsley as I'm
sure just like grow and then the eggs
are the ROE that's at the top right yes
it's nasty I like it
you eat too rallied everything now shit
I chew the the inner cartilage up and I
suck the meat out of it I feel like if
that thing is gonna die I'm gonna eat as
much of it as I can I bite into the you
know how you take the back yeah and
there's that meat underneath with all
the crazy gills and all that shit I just
chew into that stuff like really it yeah
I chew it up chew it up good junk all
that shit and butter
that's what I'm talking about and I did
throw a move on with those waitresses
I'm dressed as a pilgrim I'm drunk I
hate not some girl from Boston College
did you know that globsters were like
poor people food in New York they would
just go out to the East River and pull
him out of the water yeah
serve Him as bar food and get more
people food do you know in Ireland
during the famine they were pulling
fucking Lobster out of the ocean
wouldn't eat it they considered like
rats oh my god they said they'd fucking
me the British would just ship it off
that's so crazy
yeah how'd they not figure it out
they're drunk one person just boiled it
up made some butter just shut the fuck
up and try this all right look what I've
been avoiding yes what have I been
thinking what the fuck are they been
doing lot the whole family's starving
it's good time delicious we've been
eating potatoes we have been Indian this
fucking Lobster or even a Miss fucking
lucky charms uh dude it's almost four
o'clock now I've been rambling forever
yeah it's goddamn time warp in this
building three hours and 17 minutes yeah
plus we talked for about a half yeah I
plug some dates please do ladies and
gentlemen live comedy company I'm gonna
be in Cleveland one of my favorite clubs
hilarities love that place January 17
through 19 that's a great spot yeah I
love that play in Boston I'll be in
Boston Jen laughs Boston January 31st
last time I was in Cleveland you were in
Cleveland and I did it with you that's
right you stopped by a surprise guest
spot that was fun that was fun
Grand Rapids Michigan in February and a
bunch of other dates come on and best
buddies I'm doing a benefit January 27th
at the Comedy Store you around bill burr
who's gonna be on the show I think you
did it last year it's a fitting uh
definitely the group that helps
intellectually disabled people the 27th
is Sunday now I'm in great Joe Rogan's
in come see it man I've also got a new
podcast with Alison Rosen called
childish where we talk about raising
kids I really like her isn't she great
he's very cool yeah I did her I've had
her on and I did her when she was on
Adam Crowe I did the show with her yeah
them together I liked her a lot
I think I did it a couple times with her
and Adam yeah we used to do each other's
pod casts
constantly and we just realized like she
was my best chemistry so we just started
a podcast yeah she's uh she's kind she's
super smart yeah she's cool she's
reasonable like she like thinks about
you tell she's thinking about things
right yeah yeah that's awesome man I'm
glad you're doing that yeah and what is
it called again
childish she's got a baby and another
one on the way and it's kind of me
trying to teach her how to parent and
she's not buying it how do we we just do
one a week I think we've done like seven
so far nice and you still do your own
right yeah what's a cult we're burnt
down
Greg Fitz what does it fit star rated
radio and Fitz dog.com four stars yeah
fists are calm Greg Fitzsimmons on
Instagram
Greg Fitz Show on Twitter nice yeah
that's it you fucks bye love you
[Music]